*	International	Energy	Agency	scenarios.
**	Only	includes	power	generation	clients.	Clients	primarily	in	the	transmission	and	distribution	value	chain	were	excluded.
***	The	emissions	intensity	from	the	IEA	SDS	OECD	scenario	is	derived	by	dividing	the	CO2e	emissions	resulting	from	the	Power	sector	with	the	electricity	generation	at	2030.
Note:	These	targets	are	based	on	available	data	as	of	September	2021.	Updates	to	improve	data	quality	of	the	baseline	numbers	may	result	in	changes	to	these	targets.
Sector
Scenario
2020 Baseline
2030 Targets
Energy
(Scope 1, 2, 3)
Net Zero Emissions by 
2050 (NZE 2050)*
143.8 million mt CO2e
29% reduction from 2020 
baseline
102.1 million mt CO2e
Power**
(Scope 1)
Sustainable  
Development Scenario 
(SDS 2020)*
313.5 kg CO2e/MWh
63% reduction in Scope 1 
intensity per MWh
115 kg CO2e/MWh***
More	information	about	the	analysis	we	
conducted	to	establish	these	targets,	includ-
ing	scenario	selection	and	the	scope	and	
boundaries	of	the	targets,	is	available	in	our	
2021	TCFD	Report.	In	future	years,	we	will	
conduct	further	analysis	to	facilitate	target	
setting	for	additional	sectors.	In	2022,	we	
plan	to	focus	on	the	Auto	Manufacturing,	
Steel,	Thermal	Coal	Mining	and	Commercial	
Real	Estate	sectors	for	core	analysis	and	
target	setting,	in	alignment	with	the	NZBA	
guidelines.	We	will	consider	the	remaining	
sectors,	including	Aluminum,	Aviation,	
Cement	and	Agricultural	subsectors	in	2023	
and	2024.	
Citi’s Approach to 
Managing Climate Risk
Citi’s	Risk	Management	function	is	
responsible	for	identifying,	measuring,	
managing,	controlling	and	reporting	risks	
to	the	company.	We	identify	climate	risk	
as	an	“emerging	risk”	in	Citi’s	Enterprise	
Risk	Management	Framework.	Within	the	
framework,	emerging	risks	are	those	that	
are	new	or	rapidly	changing,	with	high	
growth	potential,	and	are	characterized	by	
data	unavailability	or	other	uncertainties.	
We	do	not	view	climate	risk	as	a	stand-alone	
risk	category	but	as	a	transversal	risk,	
capable	of	manifesting	across	each	of	Citi’s	
seven	risk	categories	in	our	risk	taxonomy:	
Credit,	Market,	Liquidity,	Strategic,	
Operational,	Compliance	and	Reputation.	
Climate	impacts	may	be	either	physical-	or	
transition-related	and	may	vary	depending	
on	the	time	horizon.	
During	2021,	we	strengthened	our	gover-
nance	and	deepened	our	expertise	to	
advance	effective	management	of	climate	
risks	and	opportunities.	Highlights	include	
the	following:	
	•
Formation	of	a	new	Global	ESG	Council,	
consisting	of	senior	members	of	manage-
ment,	with	the	aim	of	providing	enhanced	
oversight	of	our	ESG	activities	and	goals	
	•
Creation	of	the	Natural	Resources	&	
Clean	Energy	Transition	team	to	inte-
grate	our	Energy,	Power	and	Chemicals	
businesses,	in	order	to	assist	our	clients	
across	these	sectors	as	they	transition
	•
Growth	of	our	dedicated	Climate	Risk	
team,	with	an	emphasis	on	expertise	
in	credit	risk,	scenario	analysis,	stress	
testing	and	regulatory	engagement	
	•
Establishment	of	a	Net	Zero	Task	Force	to	
support	the	development	and	launch	of	
our	net	zero	plan
Regulatory Compliance
Interest	in	climate	risk	management	from	
regulators	continues	to	grow	globally.	
We	are	monitoring	and	responding	to	
emerging	regulatory	obligations	and	
engaging	with	regulators	around	the	world	
about	climate	risk	issues,	especially	related	
to	risk	management,	strategy	and	scenario	
analysis	requirements.	
As	we	anticipate	an	increase	in	regulatory	
requirements,	voluntary	frameworks	and	
mandated	product	classifications,	we	are	
strengthening	our	internal	regulatory	teams	
with	subject	matter	experts.	We	are	also	
improving	our	access	to	relevant,	accurate	
data	to	sharpen	our	scenario	analyses	and	
building	a	standardized,	global	climate	
disclosure	strategy	that	can	monitor	and	
manage	requirements	and	provide	consis-
tent	reporting	across	our	operations.	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
42
