	•
The	U.S.	Community	Relations	team,	
which	includes	Citi	Volunteers,	
catalyzes	social	impact	by	engaging	
and	partnering	with	local	community	
leaders	and	organizations	across	the	
country.	The	team	connects	Citi’s	
people,	expertise,	resources,	products	
and	services	to	help	expand	equitable	
opportunities	for	all.		
The	Citi	Foundation	is	a	separate	legal	
entity	funded	by	Citi	to	organize	flagship	
community	programming	in	three	areas:	
youth	economic	opportunities,	financial	
inclusion	and	community	solutions.	
Underlying	our	approach	is	the	notion	
that	complex	societal	challenges	require	
multifaceted	solutions.	We	strive	to	share	
our	expertise	with,	and	learn	from,	our	
partners	and	stakeholders	about	ways	
we	can	enhance	impact.	This	approach	
contributes	directly	to	the	UN	Sustainable	
Development	Goal	SDG 17,	which	seeks	to	
strengthen the means of implementation 
and revitalize the global partnership for 
sustainable development.	In	particular,	
Citi’s	efforts	contribute	to	target	17.3,	
which	seeks	to	mobilize additional finan-
cial resources for developing countries 
from multiple sources,	including	the	
private	sector,	to	ensure	that	sufficient	
financing	is	available	to	achieve	the	SDGs.	
SDG Goal 17: Partnerships for the Goals 	
Learn	more	about	this	team’s	efforts	in	
the	Equitable	and	Resilient	Communities	
section.	
Talent and DEI
Citi’s	Chief	Diversity,	Equity	and	Inclusion	
(DEI)	Officer	and	Global	Head	of	Talent	
oversees	our	efforts	to	promote	diversity,	
equity	and	inclusion	in	the	workplace.	
Reporting	to	the	Global	Head	of	Human	
Resources,	the	Chief	DEI	Officer	and	Global	
Head	of	Talent	works	in	partnership	with	
senior	management,	particularly	members	
of	the	Executive	Management	Team,	who	
co-chair	our	Affinity	groups.	Our	talent	
and	DEI	efforts	are	governed	by	the	Citi	
Board	of	Directors.	
Ethics and Business 
Practices
Ethics	and	responsible	business	practices	
are	among	the	most	material	ESG	issues	
for	Citi	and	our	stakeholders.	The	Ethics,	
Conduct	and	Culture	Committee	of	the	
Board	oversees	management’s	efforts	
to	foster	a	culture	of	ethics	within	the	
company	and	receives	regular	reports	
from	senior	management	on	the	progress	
of	those	efforts.	To	learn	more	about	
the	responsibilities	of	the	committee,	
download	the	Ethics,	Conduct	and	Culture	
Committee	Charter.	The	Ethics	and	Culture	
section	of	this	report	also	provides	more	
information	about	efforts	to	encourage	a	
culture	of	ethics	at	Citi.	
Among	its	responsibilities,	the	Board’s	Risk	
Management	Committee	reviews	Citi’s	risk	
appetite	framework,	including	reputational	
risk	appetite,	and	reviews	and	approves	
key	risk	policies,	including	those	focused	
on	environmental	and	social	risk.	
Remuneration
The	Personnel	and	Compensation	
Committee	of	the	Board	holds	senior	
executives	responsible,	and	in	turn	senior	
executives	hold	their	team	members	
responsible,	for	managing	our	sustainability	
and	other	ESG-related	efforts	through	
incentive	compensation	decisions.	Citi’s	
incentive	compensation	program	is	discre-
tionary,	not	formulaic.	Management	of	
sustainability	efforts	is	taken	into	account	
in	the	program	in	two	ways.	First,	senior	
executives	are	held	accountable	for	busi-
ness	performance	through	specific	metrics	
designated	on	a	position-by-position	basis.	
Progress	on	our	$1	trillion	sustainable	
finance	commitment	and	milestones	for	
our	net	zero	plan	are	incorporated	into	the	
executive	scorecards	of	our	CEO,	the	CEO	
of	Citi’s	Institutional	Clients	Group	and	our	
Head	of	Global	Public	Affairs.	
Second,	climate	change	strategy	and	risk	
management	performance	goals	are	incor-
porated	into	annual	goals	and	performance	
review	processes	for	a	number	of	our	
senior	managers	and	their	teams	who	are	
responsible	for	developing	and	implement-
ing	our	approach	to	climate	change.	These	
managers	include	the	Chief	Sustainability	
Officer,	Head	of	Environmental	and	Social	
Risk	Management	(ESRM),	Head	of	Climate	
Risk	and	the	Head	of	Construction	and	
Sustainability,	whose	team	is	responsible	
for	our	environmental	footprint	goals.	
Corporate	performance	against	scorecard	
metrics	and	individual	performance	
against	annual	goals	are	two	factors,	
among	others,	that	are	taken	into	account	
in	determining	incentive	compensation.	
Diversity,	equity	and	inclusion,	including	
representation	of	women	and	U.S.	Black	
colleagues	at	the	Assistant	Vice	President	
to	Managing	Director	levels,	continue	to	
be	included	in	scorecards	for	our	senior	
executives.	Citi	also	incorporates	share-
holder	and	stakeholder	input	on	executive	
pay	into	our	Compensation	Philosophy.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress 
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
12
