Forward-Looking Statements
	
The	disclosures	included	in	this	report	are	being	provided	to	the	public	in	an	effort	to	
provide	transparency	into	our	environmental,	social	and	governance	(ESG)	initiatives	to	
respond	to	stakeholder	requests,	and	to	further	enhance	our	collective	understanding	
of	ESG	issues.	Our	approaches	to	the	disclosures	included	in	this	report	are	different	
from	those	included	in	mandatory	regulatory	reporting,	including	under	SEC	regulations.	
Certain	statements	in	this	report	may	contain	“forward-looking	statements.”	These	
statements	speak	only	as	of	the	date	they	are	originally	made	and	are	based	on	
management’s	current	expectations	and	are	subject	to	known	and	unknown	risks,	
uncertainties,	changes	in	circumstances,	and	assumptions	that	are	difficult	to	predict	
and	are	often	beyond	our	control.	These	statements	are	not	guarantees	of	future	results,	
occurrences,	or	performance.	Actual	results	and	financial	outcomes	may	differ	materially	
from	those	expressed	in	or	implied	by	any	of	these	forward-looking	statements	due	to	
a	variety	of	factors,	including,	among	others,	global	socio-demographic	and	economic	
trends,	climate-related	conditions	and	weather	events,	legislative	and	regulatory	changes,	
and	other	unforeseen	events	or	conditions.	You	should	not	place	undue	reliance	on	any	
forward-looking	statement.	Factors	that	could	cause	actual	results	to	differ	materially	
from	those	described	in	forward-looking	statements	can	be	found	in	this	report,	in	Citi’s	
filings	with	the	SEC,	including,	without	limitation,	the	“Risk	Factors”	section	of	Citi’s	
2021	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	and	disclosures	available	on	our	corporate	website.	
Citi	does	not	undertake	to	update	forward-looking	statements	to	reflect	the	impact	
of	circumstances	or	events	that	arise	after	the	date	the	forward-looking	statements	
were	made.	This	report	contains	statements	based	on	hypothetical	or	severely	adverse	
scenarios	and	assumptions,	and	these	statements	should	not	necessarily	be	viewed	as	
being	representative	of	current	or	actual	risk	or	forecasts	of	expected	risk.	While	future	
events	discussed	in	this	report	may	be	significant,	any	significance	should	not	be	read	as	
necessarily	rising	to	the	level	of	materiality	of	the	disclosures	required	under	U.S.	federal	
securities	laws.
© 2022 Citigroup Inc. 
Citi,	Citi	with	Arc	Design	and	Citibank	are	trademarks	and	servicemarks	of	Citigroup	Inc.	
(and	its	affiliates)	and	are	used	and	registered	throughout	the	world.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
183
