debt	issuances	in	2020,	which	itself	had	
set	records.1	The	sustainable	mergers	and	
acquisitions	deal	activity	reached		
$197	billion	in	2021,	which	was	a	60%	
increase	from	2020	activity.2
Growth	also	continues	to	be	seen	in	the	
markets	for	sustainability-linked	financing,	
one	of	the	fastest-growing	innovations	in	
sustainable	finance.	Sustainability-linked	
instruments	are	general	corporate	purpose	
transactions	that	use	key	performance	
indicators	(KPIs)	and	sustainability	targets	
to	measure	a	company’s	progress,	which	
result	in	a	reduced	financing	rate	if	the	
target	is	met	or	a	penalty	if	the	company	
fails	to	meet	the	target.	With	momentum	
gained	in	recent	years,	the	growth	of	
sustainability-linked	financing	extended	
to	the	global	leveraged	finance	markets	
in	2021;2	sustainability-linked	transaction	
volumes	increased	significantly	across	
leveraged	loan	and	high-yield	bond	
issuances,	highlighting	the	popularity	of	
tying	sustainability	performance	to	cost	of	
financing.	This	innovation	is	also	expected	
to	grow	in	the	derivative	markets,	
with	sustainability-linked	derivatives.	
Acknowledging	this	momentum	in	the	
market,	we	count	sustainability-linked	
instruments	toward	Citi’s	sustainable	
finance	goal	when	they	incorporate	
sustainability	key	performance	indicators	
and	targets	that	are	aligned	with	at	least	
one	of	the	goal	criteria.
The	growth	of	sustainable	capital	markets	
has	also	been	driven	by	corporations,	
sovereigns	and	supranational	institutions	
focused	on	achieving	their	sustainability	
commitments,	contributing	to	the	SDGs	
and	aligning	with	the	goals	of	the	Paris	
Agreement.		
Many	of	our	business	units	across	the	
bank	contribute	to	our	$1	trillion	commit-
ment.	There	are	global	industry	specialist	
teams	that	focus	on	different	sectors	
and	industries,	such	as	the	recently	
formed	Natural	Resources	&	Clean	Energy	
Transition	team,	which	engages	with	
our	clients	to	support	their	low-carbon	
transition	efforts,	as	well	as	the	Citi	Social	
Finance	team,	which	partners	with	busi-
ness	units	across	Citi	to	help	drive	inno-
vative	efforts	on	social	finance	activities	
in	emerging	markets.	In	many	instances,	
the	deals	have	integrated	and	interrelated	
environmental	and	social	elements	and	
impacts.	For	additional	information	on	new	
teams	we	created	or	restructured	over	the	
last	few	years	to	engage	with	clients	on	
their	sustainability	and	transition	journeys,	
see	the	Sustainable	Progress	section.
The	following	are	just	some	examples	
of	innovative	environmental	and	social	
finance	transactions	from	2021	that	will	
be	counted	toward	the	overall	$1	trillion	
commitment.	
INCENTIVIZING SUPPLY CHAINS: McCORMICK & COMPANY
Sustainable Agriculture
In 2021, Citi partnered with McCormick & Company, a global leader in flavor, and 
the International Finance Corporation (IFC) to provide McCormick’s suppliers 
with financial incentives linked to improvements in measures of social and 
environmental sustainability. McCormick’s supply chain spans over 3,000 
agricultural products sourced from more than 85 countries.
Under the initiative, suppliers can qualify for discounted rates on short-term 
working capital financing when they achieve sustainability standards accepted 
by McCormick. These standards include performance on labor conditions, health 
and safety practices, crop management, environmental impact, farmer resilience 
and women’s empowerment. The partnership included an advisory component 
in Vietnam, where IFC is helping McCormick build a more sustainable, traceable, 
certified and quality-compliant pepper supply chain through capacity development 
and the empowerment of women farmers.  
2.	https://www.refinitiv.com/perspectives/market-insights/sustainable-finance-continues-surge-in-2021/.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
23
