Our Employee Networks in Action: 2021 (continued)
I raised my hand to be part of the 
Hispanic/Latino Heritage network 
shortly after joining Citi in 2018 
as a Senior Executive Assistant. 
I hadn’t met many colleagues 
who looked like me in my office, 
and the Network has provided 
me with a sense of community. 
Working closely with our Hispanic/
Latino Affinity leadership on a 
membership drive initiative, the 
group I began to work with brings 
co-chairs from all of our 11 chapters 
in the United States and United 
Kingdom together on a monthly 
cadence, where we exchange ideas 
collectively. This leadership role 
has allowed me to hone my public 
speaking and presentation skills, 
as well as pursue opportunities to 
develop a network of connections 
I wouldn’t have otherwise 
encountered. I’m certain it has 
prepared me for my role as a 
recently promoted Assistant Vice 
President.”
The value I’ve gotten from the Pride Network is the ability to 
see not only tangible and measurable results from our network’s 
projects as we progressed, but also the positive and proactive 
feedback from folks who have benefited from our efforts. Hearing 
from both senior leaders and LGBTQ+ people on their beneficial 
experiences and how this has impacted their work lives has 
made all the difference. Being able to connect with colleagues 
from other regions, learn from each other and work together has 
been a great experience. Specifically, being able to lead the Citi 
SpeakOUT project with other colleagues from North America and 
Latin America has been one of the best experiences I’ve had at 
Citi. Providing access to opportunities for development, such as 
the Out & Equal Summit and the LGBTQ+ Development Program, 
are just some of the many ways we support one another. ” 
Hispanic/Latino 
Heritage
Pride
ARLET BALTAZAR, CHICAGO 
ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT, 
MARKETING OPERATIONS,  
PERSONAL BANKING & WEALTH 
MANAGEMENT 
JOSEPH HERNANDEZ, MEXICO 
VICE PRESIDENT, TRANSFORMATION  
OPERATIONS
“
“
South Africa has a unique history rooted in racial inequities. The 
goal of the network is to create a safe space for employees to have 
open and transparent discussions on the topic of race without 
fear of retribution. The network is employee-led. Since launching 
in early 2021, it has already hosted several workshops and events 
with the goal of providing employees with the correct tools to 
assess and address situations involving racial matters.”
Roots
MEGS NAIDU, SOUTH AFRICA 
VICE PRESIDENT, COMPLIANCE 
GOVERNANCE
“
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
94
