Reporting and Self- 
Assessment Requirements 
High-Level Summary of Bank’s Response
References
5.3 Governance Structure for 
Implementation of the Principles
Show that your bank has a 
governance structure in place for the 
implementation of the PRB, including: 
a) target-setting and actions to achieve 
targets set 
b) remedial action in the event of 
targets or milestones not being 
achieved or unexpected negative 
impacts being detected.
Our Sustainability & ESG team, in collaboration with partners across the 
bank, is responsible for developing sustainability and climate-related targets, 
monitoring progress toward their achievement to ensure we are on track 
and identifying and addressing any unexpected negative impacts. Our Chief 
Sustainability Officer, Head of Community Investing and Development and 
other senior executives have oversight over target-setting, measures put in 
place to achieve the targets and determining remedial action where targets 
are not on track, or where measures need to be put in place to address 
unforeseen negative impacts.
We track our progress toward achieving our targets via reports to the NGPAC 
and/or the full Board of Directors. The Chief Sustainability Officer and Head 
of Community Investing and Development periodically report to the Board on 
progress made with achieving our targets and any remedial action taken to 
ensure achievement of targets and/or how negative impacts were addressed. 
Reports are also provided to the Global ESG council on a periodic basis 
for progress towards our Action for Racial Equity commitments, $1 trillion 
sustainable finance commitment and net zero targets. 
2021 ESG Report:
• ESG Governance at Citi
• Our Transformation > Ethics and 
Culture at Citi
We have progressed substantially in fulfilling this requirement. The firm has a governance structure with oversight of ESG issues and will ensure that 
the Principles are implemented, managing significant impacts and setting and monitoring targets. The Sustainability & ESG team leads day-to-day 
implementation of the Principles in concert with other teams throughout the organization.
Principle 6: Transparency & Accountability
We will periodically review our individual and collective implementation of these Principles and be transparent about and accountable for our positive 
and negative impacts and our contribution to society’s goals.
6.1 Progress on Implementing the 
Principles for Responsible Banking 
Show that your bank has progressed 
on implementing the six Principles over 
the last 12 months (up to 18 months in 
your first reporting after becoming a 
signatory) in addition to the setting and 
implementation of targets in minimum 
two areas (see 2.1-2.4). 
Show that your bank has considered 
existing and emerging international/
regional good practices relevant for the 
implementation of the six Principles for 
Responsible Banking. Based on this, it 
has defined priorities and ambitions to 
align with good practice.
Show that your bank has implemented/
is working on implementing changes 
in existing practices to reflect and 
be in line with existing and emerging 
international/regional good practices 
and has made progress on its 
implementation of these Principles. 
In 2021, Citi made considerable progress toward implementing the Principles 
and our targets, as described below. 
Net Zero Commitment:
In January 2022, we released our initial net zero plan, including baseline 
emissions and 2030 emissions reduction targets for our Energy and Power 
loan portfolios. Additionally, in developing our initial net zero plan, we have 
participated in key net zero frameworks, including our continued participation 
in PCAF as well as the NZBA and the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero 
(GFANZ) of which we are founding members. For more information on these 
organizations and how they serve as converging net zero guideposts across 
the financial industry, please see our 2021 TCFD Report.
Citi remains committed to working closely with clients to support their 
business plans as they transition to net zero. In March 2021, we created the 
Natural Resources & Clean Energy Transition team in order to drive client 
engagement efforts in the Energy, Power and Chemicals sectors. This team 
includes corporate and investment bankers with deep knowledge of these 
sectors and unites them under a single umbrella to more effectively evaluate 
and pursue opportunities to assist our clients with the net zero transition.
$1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Commitment:
We recently established a $1 trillion by 2030 sustainable finance commitment, 
which expands our Environmental Finance Goal to $500 billion, with a focus 
on circular economy, clean technology, energy efficiency, green buildings, 
renewable energy, sustainable agriculture and land use, sustainable 
transportation and water quality and conservation. This commitment 
also includes $500 billion in social finance activity in affordable basic 
infrastructure, affordable housing, diversity and equity, economic inclusion, 
education, food security and healthcare. The expanded emphasis on social 
finance allows Citi to address a more holistic set of societal needs, in 
addition to protecting the environment and fighting global climate change, all 
supporting the UN SDGs. Multiple businesses and banking teams across Citi 
contribute environmental and social activities that count toward the $1 trillion 
sustainable finance commitment. Progress toward the $1 trillion commitment 
can be found in the Sustainable Finance section of this report.
2021 ESG Report:
• Citi and the Sustainable 
Development Goals
• Our $1 Trillion Commitment
• Climate Risk and Net Zero
• Our Commitment to Social Finance
• Risk Management > Environmental 
and Social Risk Management 
External References:
• 2021 TCFD Report
• Action for Racial Equity
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
166
