Making an Impact
 
Since its launch in early 2020, the Citi Impact Fund made investments in 31 U.S.-based, double-bottom line 
companies with business models built around positive social and environmental impact and outcomes. Thirteen of 
those investments were in companies with Black founders who are working to help close the racial wealth, education, 
healthcare and connectivity gaps in the United States, directly impacting marginalized communities for the better.
Below are just some of the companies we have invested in. For the full list, visit our website.  
For nearly five years, Cityblock Health has been radically transforming healthcare for underserved and marginalized 
communities across the country. The Citi Impact Fund’s investment has helped us continue to scale our services and 
align business and clinical models around equitable and improved outcomes. Citi’s partnership is strong validation 
of our mission and how critically important it is to democratize access to high-quality, comprehensive care in our 
communities.”
Cityblock Health
TOYIN AJAYI, CEO & AND CO-FOUNDER
“
The events of the last two years have stressed the importance of high-speed, low-cost broadband availability for 
all Americans. The hardest hit communities have seen regression in education and remote job capabilities due to 
lack of broadband options. Through our valuable partnership with Citi, Flume has been able to build out its initial 
gigabit fiber network and connect thousands of underserved people, affordable housing units, new developments and 
suburbs. With the Citi platform allowing Flume to rapidly deploy its technology, we can make a substantial impact 
on closing the digital divide with our network deployment.”
Flume
BRANDON GIBSON, CO-FOUNDER 
“
Daylight
ROB CURTIS, CEO AND CO-FOUNDER
“
The Citi Impact Fund’s investment in Daylight was the springboard we needed to build legitimacy for our social impact 
work, improving the financial lives of the LGBTQ+ community, and helped us close our seed round almost immediately 
afterwards. Thanks, Citi, for supporting our work to close the LGBTQ+ wealth gap."
Full Harvest
CHRISTINE MOSELEY, FOUNDER & CEO
Full Harvest is thrilled to have Citi Impact Fund as a new investment partner, given their aligned values with our 
mission to help solve the $2.6 trillion global food waste problem. Full Harvest tackles food waste at the farm level with 
the world’s first online business-to-business produce marketplace specializing in imperfect and surplus produce. Our 
technology improves efficiencies for produce buyers and farms and captures market insights not previously available, 
all while reducing one of the largest contributors to climate change: food waste. With Citi Impact Fund’s investment, 
Full Harvest is able to achieve even more impact and revenue by scaling our technology further, expanding into new 
geographies and commodities and growing our team. A win-win-win for farmers, food companies and the planet.”
“
OhmConnect
CISCO DEVRIES, CEO 
Citi is helping fund OhmConnect’s vision to make 100% clean energy accessible to everyone. With our nearly 
200,000 California customers saving energy at critical times, we have helped prevent blackouts while paving the 
way for a more stable grid.”
“
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
71
