Responsible	
Sourcing
As a global firm that engages with 
thousands of suppliers across 
the world, our commitment to 
responsible sourcing can have 
wide-ranging effects. Citi’s goal 
is to have a positive impact on 
people, the environment and the 
economy through our supply chain 
decisions. We seek to work with 
suppliers that share our values, 
and we set high standards for 
performance, measurement and 
responsible business practices.
We	are	committed	to	providing	more	
opportunities	for	certified	diverse	suppli-
ers.	Citi’s	Supply	Chain	Development,	
Inclusion	and	Sustainability	(SCDIS)	
Program	provides	the	framework	and	
governance	that	guide	Citi	employees	
to	make	sourcing	decisions	that	support	
inclusive	processes	and	increase	our	roster	
of	diverse	suppliers.	Additionally,	the	
SCDIS	Program	works	across	our	supply	
chain	to	enhance	sustainability	practices,	
while	mitigating	social	and	environmental	
risks	for	all	suppliers.
Supplier Diversity
Citi	is	committed	to	integrating	supplier	
diversity	across	our	entire	business.	Our	
SCDIS	team	sets	clear	supplier	diversity	
goals	and	embeds	them	in	our	sourcing	
processes.	Every	bid	over	$250,000	
requires	the	consideration	of	diverse	firms.	
Promoting	the	inclusion	of	diverse	suppli-
ers	in	the	bidding	process	helps	us	to	build	
a	supplier	base	that	more	fully	represents	
the	communities	we	serve.
Racial Equity
One	of	Citi’s	Action for Racial Equity		
commitments	is	investment	in	Black	
entrepreneurship,	which	includes	a	goal	to	
increase	our	overall	spend	with	certified	
diverse	suppliers	to	$1	billion	annually,	
including	$250	million	with	Black-owned	
firms.	We	achieved	over	$1	billion	in	diverse	
supplier	spend	in	2021.	We	have	also	estab-
lished	a	task	force	that	meets	bi-weekly	
to	review	progress	against	our	supplier	
diversity	goals,	evaluate	spend	with	diverse	
suppliers	and	discuss	new	opportunities	
with	broader	initiatives	across	the	company.
In	2021,	we	introduced	more	than	200	
diverse	suppliers,	who	have	expertise	in	
information	technology	staffing,	learning	
and	development,	customer	experience,	
neurodiversity,	career	entry,	and	advertising	
and	marketing,	to	Citi	business	leaders.			
Supplier Policies
Citi has detailed standards and policies, which guide responsible sourcing 
initiatives and communicate our expectations related to environmental and social 
issues to our suppliers:
• The Citi Statement of Supplier Principles outlines the foundational guidelines 
for our sustainable supply chain initiatives, including those related to human 
rights in the workplace, ethical business practices, implementation of required 
management systems and environmental sustainability.
• The Citi Requirements for Suppliers provides detailed processes and procedures 
that our suppliers must follow for contractual compliance and facilitates 
awareness of other key Citi policy obligations.
• We also ask suppliers to abide by the Citi Statement on Human Rights. For more 
information about our approach in this area, see the Human Rights section.
Consistent with applicable modern slavery regulations, Citi publishes disclosures 
outlining our approach to identifying and mitigating the risks of modern slavery in 
our operations and supply chain.
2021 SPENDING WITH  
TIER 1* DIVERSE 
SUPPLIERS
$1,212M 
spent with Tier 1  
diverse suppliers**
$432M 
spent with Tier 1  
Black-owned suppliers
$172M 
spent with Tier 1  
women-owned suppliers
*	Tier	1	suppliers	are	those	Citi	procures	goods	
and	services	from	directly.	
**	This	includes	spend	with	many	types	of	
diverse	suppliers,	including	Black-owned	and	
women-owned	firms.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
134
