zero	transition.	Our	Sustainability	and	
Corporate	Transitions	(SCT)	team,	founded	
in	2020,	also	engages	with	clients	at	the	
C-suite	and	senior	levels	across	sectors	
to	support	the	transition	of	their	business	
models	to	a	sustainable	and	low-carbon	
future,	helping	them	identify	their	ESG	
challenges	and	opportunities	to	shape	
their	strategy.	
In	2021,	Citi	served	as	the	exclusive	
financial	advisor	to	South	Korean	
conglomerate	SK	Holdings	in	a	transaction	
noted	as	the	largest	investment	ever	in	
the	hydrogen	fuel	cell	space.	The	$1.6	
billion	deal	gave	SK	Group	a	9.9%	stake	
in	Plug	Power	Inc.,	a	leading	provider	of	
hydrogen	fuel	cell	and	green	hydrogen	
generation	systems	in	North	America.	The	
two	companies	entered	into	a	strategic	
partnership	to	provide	hydrogen	fuel	cell	
systems,	hydrogen	fueling	stations	and	
electrolyzers	to	the	Korean	and	broader	
Asian	markets	in	order	to	accelerate	
hydrogen	as	an	alternative	clean	energy	
source	throughout	Asia.
South	Korea	is	one	of	the	most	important	
and	developed	markets	for	hydrogen.	
The	government	has	set	a	roadmap	with	
ambitious	goals	to	build	a	hydrogen-based	
economy	by	2040.	
Also	in	BCMA,	our	Sustainable	Debt	
Capital	Markets	(Sustainable	DCM)	
team	has	technical	expertise	on	green,	
social	and	sustainability	bonds	as	well	
as	sustainability-linked	bonds	(SLB),	and	
works	within	debt	capital	markets	and	with	
industry	bankers	to	originate	and	structure	
issuances	for	these	types	of	bonds	on	
behalf	of	clients	around	the	world.	The	
Sustainable	DCM	team	also	advises	Citi	
Treasury	on	Citi’s	own	sustainable	debt	
issuance	programs.
The	Sustainable	DCM	team	has	helped	
numerous	clients	globally	structure	
innovative	sustainability-linked	bonds	
(SLB)	tied	to	sustainability	goals.	Such	
bonds	are	an	example	of	KPI-linked	
instruments	that	commit	the	issuer	
or	borrower	to	specific	sustainability	
objectives,	such	as	greenhouse	gas	
(GHG)	emissions	reduction	or	other	key	
performance	indicators	(KPIs).	
Citi	acted	as	SLB	Structuring	Advisor	and	
Active	Bookrunner	on	Johnson	Controls	
International	(JCI)’s	inaugural	$500	million	
SLB	in	September	2021.	As	part	of	this	
transaction,	JCI	committed	to	(i)	reduce	
absolute	Scope	1	and	2	GHG	emissions	
by	35%	and	(ii)	reduce	absolute	Scope	
3	GHG	emissions	from	the	use	of	sold	
products	by	5%,	all	by	2025	from	a	2017	
baseline,	supporting	JCI’s	long-term	net	
zero	emissions	by	2040	target.	Failure	to	
achieve	these	targets	will	result	in	a	25	
basis	point	coupon	step-up.	JCI	was	also	
the	first	S&P	500	company	to	publish	an	
integrated	sustainable	finance	framework	
encompassing	both	use-of-proceeds	
bonds	(green,	social	or	sustainability)	
and	sustainability-linked	bonds,	allowing	
JCI	to	issue	any/all	sustainable	financing	
instruments.	
In	another	first,	Citi	client	Tesco	became	
the	first	UK	corporate	and	the	first	
retailer	globally	to	launch	a	SLB	tied	
to	ambitious	GHG	emissions	reduction	
targets	in	January	2021.	As	the	largest	
retailer	in	the	United	Kingdom,	Tesco	
PLC	has	the	ability	to	make	a	significant	
impact	on	the	path	to	a	low-carbon	future.	
Tesco	is	aiming	to	become	carbon	neutral	
across	its	own	operations	by	2035	and	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
34
