Climate		
Risk	and	
Net	Zero	
When we consider the risks 
related to climate change, we 
apply a double materiality 
perspective, looking at both the 
impact of climate change on 
our business and our business’s 
impact on the climate. 
Citi’s	business	is	exposed	to	numerous	
climate	risks	given	our	role	as	one	of	the	
largest	financiers	of	the	global	economy,	
including	carbon-intensive	industries.	This	
means	that	as	we	address	and	mitigate	
risks,	we	must	take	into	account	how	we	will	
protect	and	strengthen	our	business	while	
ensuring	that	our	clients	become	part	of	
the	solutions	that	are	needed	to	transition	
to	a	low-carbon	economy.	
We	prioritize	regular	reporting	about	
our	progress	and	approach	in	relation	to	
climate	risk,	as	we	believe	transparently	
sharing	our	journey	is	an	important	
contribution	we	can	make	both	to	the	
broader	industry	and	to	our	clients.	Citi	
has	disclosed	climate-related	metrics	and	
targets	for	our	environmental	finance	
activities	and	our	operations	for	well	over	
a	decade,	and	we	released	our	first	Climate	
Change	Position	Statement	in	2007.	Since	
then,	our	commitment	to	this	issue	has	
only	grown,	as	evidenced	by	our	strategic	
approach,	alignment	with	global	stan-
dards	and	the	continued	evolution	of	our	
Environmental	and	Social	Risk	Management	
(ESRM)	Policy	in	response	to	the	changing	
risk	landscape.
First	established	in	2003,	our	ESRM	Policy	
applies	to	all	Citi	entities	globally	and	
provides	a	framework	for	how	we	identify,	
mitigate	and	manage	the	potential	risk	
to	Citi	associated	with	the	environmental	
and	social	risks	of	our	clients’	activities.	It	
guides	our	financing	decisions	for	compa-
nies	and	projects	within	environmentally	
sensitive	and/or	high-carbon	sectors.	It	also	
provides	us	with	opportunities	to	advise	
our	clients	on	climate-related	risks.	To	learn	
more	about	our	ESRM	Policy	and	related	
due	diligence,	see	the	Environmental	and	
Social	Risk	Management	section.
In	addition	to	establishing	internal	poli-
cies	and	practices,	we	also	align	with	
external	standards	to	strengthen	our	
processes,	reporting	and	engagement.	
We	have	supported	the	recommendations	
of	the	Task	Force	on	Climate-related	
Financial	Disclosures	(TCFD)	since	they	
were	released	in	2017.	Our	objective	is	to	
understand	the	potential	financial	risks	
from	climate	change	to	Citi,	our	clients	
and	communities;	how	Citi	and	our	clients	
may	be	contributing	to	climate	change;	and	
how	we	can	help	our	clients	transition	to	a	
low-carbon	economy.
Find	out	more	about	our	implementation	
of	the	TCFD	recommendations	in	our	2021	
TCFD	Report.	In	addition,	this	ESG	Report	
includes	a	TCFD	index	indicating	where	
climate-related	content	in	response	to	TCFD	
recommendations	can	be	found	throughout	
this	report	and	other	public	documentation.
Our TCFD Report: Citi’s Approach 
to Climate Change and Net Zero
To find more detailed climate-related  
disclosures, see our 2021 Task Force on  
Climate-related Financial Disclosures Report: 
Citi’s Approach to Climate Change and Net Zero. 
The report discloses our work to implement the 
TCFD recommendations across the four pillars 
of Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, 
and Metrics and Targets and includes our initial 
net zero plan for our Energy and Power loan 
portfolios.
PARTICIPATION IN NET ZERO FRAMEWORKS  
Citi is a member of multiple industry groups that enhance our understanding 
of — and ability to act on — climate-related issues. These groups include the 
Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF), the Net-Zero Banking 
Alliance (NZBA) and the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ). 
Learn more about these in our 2021 TCFD Report.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
37
