We	believe	that	setting	ambitious	goals	
helps	to	drive	innovation	and	accelerate	
progress.	Reaching	$1	trillion	will	require	
the	development	of	innovative	financing	
solutions.	We	will	continue	to	focus	on	
helping	clients	across	all	sectors,	no	matter	
where	they	are	in	their	own	sustainability	
journeys,	to	support	their	strategic	goals	
and	enable	the	development	and	integra-
tion	of	sustainable	business	practices.
Over	recent	years,	we	have	seen	the	
development	of	financial	products	that	
were	relatively	new,	or	even	nonexistent,	
when	we	set	our	very	first	$50	billion	
climate	finance	goal	in	2007.	Thematic	
bonds,	sustainable	supply	chain	finance	and	
sustainability-linked	bonds	and	loans	that	
are	tied	to	ESG	performance	are	contribut-
ing	to	sustainable	finance,	and	we	expect	to	
see	further	innovations	in	the	coming	years.
Tracking Progress
Each	transaction	we	finance	or	facilitate	
must	meet	at	least	one	of	eight	criteria	
for	environmental	finance	or	one	of	seven	
criteria	for	social	finance	to	be	counted	
toward	the	overall	$1	trillion	commitment.	
These	criteria	were	informed	by	external	
standards	and	may	therefore	be	subject	to	
changes	as	industry	guidelines	are	further	
developed.		
Credit	for	each	eligible	transaction	is	
counted	only	once	toward	the	$1	trillion	
commitment,	even	if	the	transaction	meets	
multiple	criteria.	Transactions	that	meet	
both	environmental	and	social	criteria	
are	evenly	split	between	the	$500	Billion	
Environmental	Finance	Goal	and	the	$500	
Billion	Social	Finance	Goal	—	without	double	
counting.	Because	of	the	interconnected	
nature	of	sustainable	finance,	we	are	
already	seeing	an	increasing	number	of	
transactions	with	both	environmental	and	
social	benefits.	
We	track	our	sustainable	finance	activities	
using	third-party	financial	league	table	
credit,	where	applicable.	The	industry	
league	tables	track	public	financial	activ-
ities	and	rank	financial	institutions	based	
on	their	role	(i.e.	lead	arranger,	bookrun-
ner,	etc.)	in	each	transaction.	For	financial	
products	for	which	there	are	no	league	
tables,	we	count	the	amount	that	reflects	
Citi’s	financial	involvement	in	the	deal.
Beyond	counting	the	financial	credit,	we	
also	calculate	the	estimated	environmental	
and	social	impacts	associated	with	a	
subset	of	activities	where	feasible,	such	
as	avoided	greenhouse	gas	emissions,	
renewable	energy	capacity	added,	jobs	
supported	and	people	impacted.	We	take	
a	conservative	approach	to	the	estimation	
of	impacts	from	the	activities	we	finance	
and	facilitate	—	including	only	deal	activity	
for	which	reasonable	methodologies	
and	data	sources	are	available,	and	
excluding	deals	for	which	we	have	limited	
transparency	and	details.	We	estimate	
that	since	2020,	approximately	3.9	million	
metric	tons	(mt)	of	greenhouse	gas	
emissions	have	been	avoided	as	a	result	of	
our	renewable	energy,	green	affordable	
housing	and	energy	efficiency	financing	
activities.	Additionally,	we	estimate	
that	our	financing	activities	supported	
approximately	1.8	million	jobs,	affected		
26	million	people	globally	and	contributed	
to	approximately	$9.5	billion	in	U.S.	GDP.	
We	consider	impact	measurement	an	area	
of	ongoing	education	and	improvement,	
and	we	will	continue	to	challenge	ourselves	
in	this	area.	
Sustainable Finance  
in Action
The	global	market	for	sustainable	finance	
has	been	growing	rapidly	over	the	last	
few	years	in	response	to	the	climate	
emergency	and	COVID-19.	Investors	and	
companies	alike	recognize	the	pivotal	
role	that	the	financial	services	sector	will	
play	in	facilitating	a	socially	responsible	
economic	recovery	that	also	accelerates	
the	transition	to	a	more	sustainable,	
low-carbon	economy.		
The	volume	of	sustainable	debt	issuances,	
for	example,	broke	records	in	2021,	
surpassing	$1.6	trillion	—	more	than	
double	the	$762	billion	of	sustainable	
1.	Bloomberg	NEF	(BNEF),	1H	2022	Sustainable	Finance	Market	Outlook.
2.	https://www.refinitiv.com/perspectives/market-insights/sustainable-finance-continues-surge-in-2021/.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
22
