EMPLOYEE TRAINING IN CLIMATE RISK 
We are working to create a culture of sustainability across our company and raise our colleagues’ literacy related to 
climate risk. In 2021, we created a new training module that covers key climate risk concepts, including the definition of 
climate risk, emerging climate risk standards, supervisory expectations, an overview of Citi’s efforts in this area and our 
initiatives to enhance climate risk management. Our previous climate risk trainings were customized for specific groups 
of employees to raise awareness about particular climate-related topics. This new module is our first training for climate 
that allows us to provide consistent instruction for a broader audience and further support the integration of climate risk 
considerations into our risk management processes.
Climate Risk in Our Maritime Shipping Portfolio
The Poseidon Principles, released in 2019, provide a framework for lenders, lessors and financial guarantors to integrate climate 
considerations into lending decisions with international shipping clients, to help the sector decarbonize in line with the goals 
of the International Maritime Organization (IMO). Citi was a founding signatory and also chairs the Steering Committee of the 
Poseidon Principles Association, the governing body of the Poseidon Principles.
As a part of our commitment, we provide yearly disclosures, which are published alongside those of other signatories in an annual 
report published on the Poseidon Principles website. Our most recent disclosure reflects updated data from the IMO’s Fourth GHG 
Study, published in 2020, as well as an improved methodology for estimating carbon emissions and carbon intensity for a variety 
of vessel types and sizes, resulting in a more accurate representation of vessel emissions and the emissions reduction targets 
needed for the world’s shipping fleet. 
Our reported alignment score this year (+11.7%) is notably further out of alignment compared with our reported score of last year 
(+6%). This change in alignment is due to a combination of factors, including the improved accuracy of the new methodology, 
as well as significant disruptions in shipping related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The disruptions were most notable in the Cruise 
segment, which saw dramatic decreases in efficiency (and therefore our alignment scores) driven by reduced cruising activity 
globally. This was however offset by the improvements in the accuracy of the methodology, resulting in an alignment score of 
+1.1% for the Cargo segment of Citi’s Shipping portfolio only (excluding the Cruise segment). Further changes to the methodology 
may occur as data and industry practices evolve, and new IMO regulations come into effect.
To further advance progress in the maritime shipping industry, we are a member of the Getting to Zero Coalition, which is focused 
on the development of commercially viable, zero-emission vessels and other needed maritime infrastructure for scalable net 
zero-carbon energy sources, including production, distribution, storage and bunkering. The coalition was founded by the Global 
Maritime Forum, Friends of Ocean Action and the World Economic Forum. It has more than 190 member companies and nine 
knowledge partners and is supported by key intergovernmental organizations and governments.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
44
