Our	Commitment	to	Social	Finance
Billions of people around the  
world lack access to basic  
necessities — clean water,  
education, electricity, financial 
products, housing, medicine —  
hampering their economic  
progress and social growth. 
As	an	institution	with	a	longstanding	
history	of	driving	positive	social	impact	
and	financial	innovations	that	benefit	
communities	around	the	world,	we	took	
our	commitment	to	a	new	level	in	2021:	
announcing	a	$500	Billion	Social	Finance	
Goal	as	part	of	our	$1	trillion	commitment	
to	sustainable	finance	by	2030	with	corre-
sponding	criteria	for	activities	related	to	
affordable	basic	infrastructure,	affordable	
housing,	diversity	and	equity,	economic	
inclusion,	education,	food	security	and	
healthcare.		
Many	of	our	Citi	business	units	—	including	
Banking,	Capital	Markets	and	Advisory;	
Global	Markets;	Trade	and	Treasury	
Services;	Citi	Community	Capital;	and	
Citi	Commercial	Bank	—	are	dedicated	
to	delivering	products	and	services	that	
can	contribute	to	the	social	finance	goal.	
These	include	the	issuance	of	social	bonds	
and	sustainability-linked	bonds,	financing	
and	advisory	services	to	companies	with	
social	missions,	creation	of	municipal	
bonds	with	social	use	of	proceeds	(such	as	
education	or	health),	or	loans	and	facilities	
with	eligible	social	use	of	proceeds.	We	
have	broadened	the	focus	of	our	global	
Citi	Social	Finance	team,	formerly	our	
Inclusive	Finance	team,	which	works	
across	Citi	businesses	globally	to	develop	
scalable	business	platforms	and	client	
solutions	that	enable	the	bank,	our	clients	
and	partners	to	expand	financial	inclusion,	
accelerate	access	to	basic	services,	boost	
job	creation	and	scale	social	infrastructure	
development	in	emerging	markets.	As	part	
of	our	social	finance	focus,	we	are	aiming	
to	invest	in	opportunities	for	15	million	
low-income	households,	including	10	million	
women,	globally	by	2025.	
The	recent	expansion	of	this	team	builds	
on	our	15-year	track	record	of	developing	
new	business	models	and	partnerships	
that	leverage	market-based	approaches	
to	improve	the	livelihoods	of	low-income	
communities	around	the	world.	Since	
2007,	these	efforts	have	reached		
4.1	million	unbanked	and	underbanked		
individuals	in	emerging	markets	—		
including	3.7	million	women.		
These	efforts,	which	are	focused	on	
supporting	emerging	markets,	are	comple-
mented	by	our	social	finance	activities	in	
higher-income	countries,	such	as	our	work	
to	finance	affordable	housing	projects	in	
the	United	States	and	to	issue	bonds	that	
help	advance	a	range	of	social	solutions.
Read	some	case	studies	of	the	deals	
that	will	contribute	to	our	$1	trillion	
commitment	later	in	this	chapter	and	in	
the	Sustainable	Finance	section.	
Our	extensive	work	on	social	finance	
contributes	to	progress	on	SDG 8,	which	
aims,	among	other	things,	to	provide 
full and productive employment and 
decent work for all.	For	example,	Citi’s	
work	on	financial	inclusion	around	the	
world	contributes	to	target	8.3,	which	
encourages	productive activities, 
decent job creation, entrepreneurship, 
creativity and innovation, and the 
formalization and growth of micro-, 
small- and medium-sized enterprises 
through access to financial services.	
Our	approach	also	supports	target	8.10,	
which	aims	to	strengthen the capacity 
of domestic financial institutions to 
encourage and expand access to 
banking, insurance and financial 
services for all.	
Social	finance	is	also	a	key	success	factor	
for	progress	on	SDG 9,	which	aims	to	
build resilient infrastructure, promote 
inclusive and sustainable industrializa-
tion and foster innovation,	specifically	
enabling	progress	on	target	9.3,	which	
seeks	to	increase the access of small-
scale enterprises, facilitating integration 
into value chains and markets.	
And	our	work	on	catalyzing	the	distribu-
tion	of	small	loans	in	emerging	markets	
—	which	typically	benefits	women	—	directly	
contributes	to	SDG 5,	in	support	of	gender 
equality and empowerment for all women 
and girls,	and	in	particular	target	5.a,	
which	strives	for	a	range	of	gender-related	
objectives,	including	giving	women equal 
rights to economic resources.		
SDG Goal 8: Decent Work and Economic 
Growth 
SDG Goal 9: Industry, Innovation and 
Infrastructure 
SDG Goal 5: Gender Equality 
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
62
