Reducing Climate  
Risk in Our Financing 
Climate	risk	is	one	of	the	three	pillars	of	
our	Sustainable	Progress	Strategy.	When	
it	comes	to	analyzing	and	reducing	climate	
risk	associated	with	our	clients,	we	have	
identified	the	following	three	primary	
focus	areas:
	•
Policy	development
	•
Portfolio	analysis	and	measurement
	•
Engagement
Policy Development
As	part	of	our	work	to	integrate	climate	
risk	into	Citi’s	risk	policies	and	governance	
frameworks,	we	have	updated	our	ESRM	
Policy	Sector	Approaches	for	carbon-
intensive	sectors	to	incorporate	emerging	
best	practices.	One	area	where	we	have	
made	significant	progress	is	in	our	fossil	
fuel	Sector	Approaches	for	thermal	coal	
mining	and	the	generation	of	coal-fired	
power,	which	predated	our	net	zero	
commitment.	See	the	box	on	the	right	for	
more	details	on	our	targets	and	policy.
Portfolio Analysis  
and Measurement
Citi	aims	to	understand	the	transition	and	
physical	risks	that	Citi	and	our	clients	are	
exposed	to	by	conducting	climate	scenario	
analysis,	measuring	the	GHG	emissions	
associated	with	our	financing	portfolio	
and	evaluating	portfolio	decarbonization	
pathways.	During	2021,	we	conducted	an	
analysis	of	our	Energy	and	Power	loan	
portfolios	to	establish	baseline	emissions	
and	establish	interim	2030	emissions	
targets	as	we	work	toward	our	net	zero	
commitment.	Learn	more	about	this	
analysis	and	our	targets	in	the	Energy	
and	Power	Baseline	Emissions	and	Interim	
Targets	section.	
Our Commitment to Reduce Financing for Coal 
Thermal Coal Mining  
Our ESRM Policy commitments related to coal mining began in 2009, with our first coal 
mining Sector Approach. Since that time, we have updated our policy, including updates 
focused on enhanced due diligence and continued reductions in our credit exposure to 
the coal mining industry. As of 2020, Citi has established a policy prohibition on project-
related financing of new thermal coal mines and significant expansions. We have also 
committed to the following targets to reduce our exposure to companies that derive 25% 
or more of their revenue from thermal coal mining:
• By the end of 2025: Reduce our credit exposure to these companies by 50% from  
a 2020 baseline 
• After 2025: No longer facilitate capital markets transactions or mergers and acquisition 
advisory and financing for these companies
• By the end of 2030: Reduce all remaining exposure to these companies to zero
 
Coal-Fired Power Generation  
Our ESRM Policy commitments related to coal-fired power generation have also been 
updated over time as the credit and reputation risk related to coal has increased. We have 
committed to not finance any new coal-fired power plants or expansions of existing plants. 
Our expectations have increased as we aim to help our clients transition to a future aligned 
with the Paris Agreement. A comprehensive summary of time-bound milestones for coal-fired 
power clients through 2040 is available in our Environmental and Social Policy Framework.
In 2021, we reviewed our coal-fired power clients’ GHG reporting and low-carbon 
transition plans, including commitments to retire existing coal plants. Our analysis 
considered a combination of client disclosures, third-party ESG analysis, CDP disclosures 
and direct client engagement. Moving forward, this evaluation will be wrapped into our 
net zero engagement and progress towards our 2030 targets.
*	This	figure	has	been	updated	as	one	metallurgical	coal	company	was	erroneously	included	in	the	baseline
reported	in	our	2020	ESG	report.
2020 baseline* 
$1.091B
Credit exposure as  
of Dec. 31, 2021 
$759M 
(30% reduction from baseline)
Risk Exposure
During	2021,	we	updated	our	climate	risk	
heat-mapping	framework	to	refine	our	
understanding	of	the	sectors	we	finance	
that	are	most	sensitive	to	climate	risk.	
The	heat	map	on	the	following	pages	is	
based	on	a	qualitative	assessment	of	how	
transition	and	physical	climate	risk	drivers	
are	expected	to	impact	different	sectors.	
The	results	of	this	assessment	will	help	
us	to	prioritize	portfolios	when	further	
evaluating	risks.		
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
45
