Our	ESG	Strategy
Through our business, we address 
some of society’s greatest 
challenges. In recent years, we 
have continued to advance our 
leadership and partnerships  
across the industry as we further 
hone our environmental, social  
and governance (ESG) strategy  
and approach to managing  
ESG issues and opportunities. 
Helping	to	close	the	racial	wealth	gap	
in	the	United	States	ranks	among	our	
top	priorities,	and	in	2021,	we	made	
tremendous	progress	on	our	Action for 
Racial Equity	commitment,	working	across	
our	businesses	to	identify	ways	we	can	
help	address	the	racial	wealth	gap.	As	
of	November	2021	—	one	year	into	our	
three-year	commitment	—	Citi	and	the	Citi	
Foundation	had	already	invested	$1	billion	
in	strategic	initiatives	to	help	close	the	
racial	wealth	gap	and	increase	economic	
mobility	in	the	United	States.	We	committed	
to	conduct	a	third-party	racial	equity	audit	
to	evaluate	our	Action for Racial Equity	
goals	and	launched	the	Diverse	Financial	
Institutions	Group,	a	centralized	team	
within	Citi	that	is	serving	as	a	hub	to	lead	
and	expand	firm-wide	engagement	with	
minority	depository	institutions	(MDIs),	
diverse	broker-dealers	and	diverse	asset	
managers.	Read	more	about	our	racial	
equity	initiatives	in	the	Equitable	and	
Resilient	Communities	section.
Additionally	in	2021,	we	announced	two	
significant,	new	ESG	commitments:	a	
pledge	to	achieve	net	zero	greenhouse	
gas	(GHG)	emissions	by	2050	and	a	
commitment	of	$1	trillion	in	sustainable	
finance	by	2030	to	address	the	impacts	
of	climate	change	and	other	pivotal	
environmental	and	social	issues	that	
align	with	the	United	Nations	Sustainable	
Development	Goals	(SDGs).	These	followed	
our	most	recent	Sustainable	Progress	
Strategy,	which	we	launched	one	year	
earlier.	Our	ESG	strategy	is	a	central	
element	of	our	business	model	and	critical	
to	our	strategy	for	growth.	
To	help	us	achieve	our	$500	Billion	Social	
Finance	Goal,	we	broadened	the	focus	of	
the	Citi	Social	Finance	team	(formerly	Citi	
Inclusive	Finance)	to	develop	platforms	
and	client	solutions	to	help	expand	
financial	inclusion,	accelerate	access	to	
basic	services,	boost	job	creation	and	
scale	social	infrastructure	development	in	
emerging	markets.	
We	believe	that	global	financial	institutions	
like	Citi	have	the	opportunity	—	and	the	
responsibility	—	to	play	a	leading	role	
in	helping	to	drive	the	transition	to	a	
low-carbon	economy.	We	are	prepared	
to	implement	the	significant	changes	
needed	in	our	business,	and	to	support	the	
substantial	changes	that	will	be	required	
for	the	world	to	transition	and	align	with	
the	goals	of	the	Paris	Agreement.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress 
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
8
