 
High-Level Summary of Bank’s Response (continued)
Climate Risk: 
In early 2022, we released our 2021 TCFD Report, detailing our continued work to incorporate climate risk and opportunity identification and management into 
our overall business strategy and efforts. Additionally, during 2021, we expanded our climate change governance through the formation of a Global ESG Council, 
consisting of senior members of management. We also grew our dedicated Climate Risk team to accommodate additional areas of expertise. For more information, 
please see our 2021 TCFD Report.
Action for Racial Equity: 
By November 2021 — one year into our three-year pledge — Citi and the Citi Foundation had already invested $1 billion into initiatives expanding economic 
opportunity for communities of color, putting us on track to exceed our original $1.1 billion commitment set in 2020. In 2021, we created a Diverse Financial 
Institutions Group, a dedicated team within Citi that is serving as a hub to lead and expand firmwide engagement with MDIs, diverse broker-dealers and diverse 
asset managers. Additionally, we have committed to conducting a Racial Equity Audit to evaluate our Action for Racial Equity work by the end of 2022.  For more 
information, see the Action for Racial Equity section in this report. 
Engagement on SDGs: 
Citi remains a member of the GISD Alliance, which includes 30 of the world’s largest investors committed to accelerating the financing of the SDGs. 
Biodiversity: 
Following our participation in the informal working group for the TNFD, we have become a member of the TNFD Forum. Through our ongoing collaboration with 
TNFD, we are able to contribute to the development of nature-related reporting norms and standards and continue to refine our understanding of the complex 
dynamics between climate and biodiversity and our connection to those impacts through our financial relationships with our clients.
Citi has made considerable progress towards implementing the principles including, identifying areas of impact, setting targets related to these impact 
areas and setting up internal resources to support the implementation of these targets and the Principles throughout the firm. 
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
167
