Eliminating Overdraft Fees for Our Customers’ Financial Wellness
Citi recently announced plans to eliminate overdraft fees, returned item fees and overdraft protection transfer fees for U.S. 
Retail Banking consumers by Summer 2022. This makes Citi the only top-five U.S. bank (based on assets*) to completely eliminate 
these fees, and it demonstrates our commitment to expanding access to inclusive banking products and services that can help 
advance economic progress, especially for underbanked and unbanked populations. 
For 20 years, we have put measures in place to minimize overdraft fees for our consumers in order to put their financial wellness 
first. In addition to the upcoming changes, Citi will also continue to offer a robust suite of overdraft protection transfer services 
for our consumers including: 
• Overdraft Protection Transfer Services: Citi offers two services that help consumers avoid checking account overdrafts and 
retutrned items — Safety Check and Checking Plus® (variable rate) line of credit. The fees associated with these services will 
also be eliminated.    
• Access Account Package: Citi’s industry-leading, checkless account package with low or avoidable monthly charges provides 
consumers with a simple, transparent way to manage their finances and systemically limits point-of-sale, ATM and ACH 
transactions that could cause negative balances.
• Common Sense Protection Measures: Citi will not authorize ATM or point-of-sale debit transactions in cases when funds are not available.
• Low Balance Alerts: Consumers can enroll in Low Balance Alerts via their account online or through the Citi Mobile® App.
 The elimination of overdraft fees complements many of our firm-wide Action for Racial Equity efforts in the United States that 
aim to expand banking and credit for communities of color. 
*	https://www.bankrate.com/banking/biggest-banks-in-america/.
CITI’S TREATING CUSTOMERS FAIRLY 
PRINCIPLES
We aim to deliver products and services that provide 
value, clarity and dependability, guided by the Treating 
Customers Fairly principles that define the standards 
for our products and services. These principles 
include:
Works as described: Consumers can predict how 
products and services will work.
Appropriate: Consumers can rely on Citi to offer 
appropriate products and services that meet their 
needs.
Value: Consumers receive value that is reasonably 
related to the cost of the products and services.
Ease of understanding: Consumers understand the 
terms and conditions of the products and services 
(particularly limitations and exclusions). 
In November 2021, we opened a new branch and Client Center at 
our global headquarters in New York City.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
123
