reuse	system	will	help	us	save	an	esti-
mated	29.5	cubic	meters	of	water	each	
day,	enough	to	fill	4.3	Olympic	pools	over	
the	course	of	a	year.6	During	construction,	
we	plan	to	refurbish	and	reuse	materials	
on-site	to	reduce	waste	and	embodied	
carbon,	and	we	will	work	to	significantly	
minimize	waste	sent	to	landfill.	
Employee and 
Customer Well-Being
For	many	years,	Citi	has	prioritized	the	
intersection	of	sustainability	and	employee	
well-being.	When	looking	at	how	our	
buildings	can	affect	the	well-being	of	our	
employees,	we	manage	air	quality	and	
acoustics,	as	well	as	providing	ergonomic	
furniture,	opportunities	to	stay	active,	
healthy	food	options	and	a	work	environ-
ment	that	is	both	flexible	and	effective.	
As	a	result	of	our	efforts,	we’ve	received	
WELL	Silver	certification	from	the	
International	WELL	Building	Institute™	for	
two	facilities,	one	each	in	Hong	Kong	and	
India.	Both	facilities	are	going	through	
the	WELL	recertification	process,	which	
is	required	every	three	years.	We	are	
also	working	toward	WELL	certification	
for	our	London	headquarters	renovation.	
The	WELL	Building	Standard	is	a	system	
for	measuring,	certifying	and	monitoring	
building	features	that	impact	the	health	
and	well-being	of	occupants.	In	recognition	
of	how	important	it	is	to	design	buildings	
for	employee	well-being,	we	have	included	
WELL	certification	as	an	aspect	of	our	
sustainable	building	goal	for	2025.
The	COVID-19	pandemic	further	
emphasized	the	importance	of	employee	
well-being	at	our	office	facilities,	
in	addition	to	the	well-being	of	our	
employees	and	customers	within	our	
branches.	With	this	in	mind,	we	have	
instituted	initiatives	and	protocols	
aligned	with	the	Centers	for	Disease	
Control	and	Prevention	guidelines.	These	
measures	include	improved	ventilation	
and	air	treatment	systems;	signage	about	
effective	handwashing;	sanitizer	stations;	
enhanced	cleaning	measures	to	reduce	
exposure	to	pathogens,	allergens	and	
harmful	chemicals;	and	rules	related	to	
social	distancing	and	masks.	In	addition,	
we	have	installed	plexiglass	barriers	in	our	
branches	to	provide	increased	protection	
for	our	employees	and	customers.	To	
further	support	our	colleagues,	we	are	
also	providing	employees	with	additional	
physical	and	mental	health	resources.
Employee 
Engagement
Our	colleagues	contribute	to	our	culture	
of	sustainability	through	volunteer	efforts	
and	awareness	campaigns.	Despite	the	
challenges	a	remote	working	environment	
posed	during	2021,	Citi	piloted	an	Earth	
Day	initiative	within	its	global	Green	Team	
Network	of	18	teams.	This	initiative	encour-
aged	employees	to	live	more	sustainably	
and	complete	tasks	to	save	water,	reduce	
waste	and	energy	consumption	and	learn	
more	about	climate	change.	
6.	In	one	year,	this	equals	10,767.5	cubic	meters.	Olympic	pool	size:	2,500	cubic	meters.	10,767.5/2,500	=	approx.	4.3.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
54
