Climate and Biodiversity 
We are continuing to learn about the complex dynamics between climate and 
biodiversity. These two topics are deeply interconnected, and there is an 
increasing awareness that climate change, along with other human-caused 
stresses on natural systems, is contributing to biodiversity loss and ongoing 
extinction events.* “Natural capital” is a way to conceptualize the various 
resources and services that are provided by resilient ecosystems. This concept 
helps to inform the increasing focus on biodiversity, its impact on climate and the 
importance of disclosure. 
A recent Citi Global Perspectives & Solutions (GPS) report: Biodiversity: The 
Ecosystem at the Heart of Business explores why businesses and investors should 
care about biodiversity loss. The report explains that businesses rely on nature 
for their products and ecosystem services such as clean air, water, pollination 
and carbon sequestration. At the same time, their operations create direct 
and indirect impacts on nature that can, and often do, negatively affect their 
business. By failing to understand the dependencies and impacts on nature and 
biodiversity, companies open themselves up to biodiversity risk that could affect 
the profitability of their businesses. This in turn poses risks to their investors.
There is a growing realization that we are losing biodiversity at an alarming rate. 
This requires urgent action that is complementary to climate action. Global wildlife 
populations have fallen an average of 68% in just 46 years,** and human activities 
threaten 1 million animal and plant species with extinction.*** At the same time, 
there is a financing gap of $598 billion to $824 billion per year† for broad action on 
biodiversity, suggesting significant business opportunities. Additionally, nature-
positive solutions can create $10 trillion in business opportunities and 395 million 
new jobs by 2030.††  These solutions could deliver up to 37% of CO2 emission 
reductions by 2030.†††
To support our understanding and action on biodiversity, we are also a member of 
the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) Forum, a global and 
multidisciplinary consultative network of institutional supporters who share the 
vision and mission of the TNFD. (To learn more, see the Risk Management section). 
*	See	Anthony	D.	Barnosky	et	al.,	Has the Earth’s Sixth Mass Extinction ...,	471	NATURE	51,	51	(2011);	Gerardo
Ceballos	et	al.,	Vertebrates on the Brink ...,	117	(24)	PNAS	13596	(2020);	Belinda	Reyers	&	Elizabeth	R.	Selig,
Global Targets that Reveal ...,	4	NATURE	ECOLOGY	&	EVOLUTION	1011	(2020).
**	WWF,	Living	Planet	Report	2020:	Bending	the	Curve	of	Biodiversity	Loss	(2020),	R.E.A.	Almond,	M.	Grooten
and	T.	Petersen	(eds.)	WWF,	Gland,	Switzerland.
***	IPBES,	Global	Assessment	Report	on	Biodiversity	and	Ecosystem	Services	of	the	Intergovernmental
Science	Policy	Platform	on	Biodiversity	and	Ecosystem	Services	(May	2019),	E.S.	Brondizio	et	al.	(eds.),	IPBES,
Bonn,	Germany,	ISBN:	978-3-947851-	20-1.
†	A.	Deutz	et	al.,	Financing	Nature:	Closing	the	Global	Biodiversity	Financing	Gap	(September	2020),	The
Paulson	Institute,	The	Nature	Conservancy	and	the	Cornell	Atkinson	Center	for	Sustainability.
††	World	Economic	Forum,	New	Nature	Economy	Report	II:	The	Future	of	Nature	and	Business	(July	2020).
†††	B.W.	Griscom	et	al.,	“Natural	Climate	Solutions”	(October	2017),	Proceedings	of	the	National	Academy	of
Sciences	of	the	United	States	of	America,	114	(44),	pages	11645-11650.
our	Export	Agency	Finance	business,	
we	enhance	our	clients’	ability	to	access	
capital	in	higher	risk	markets	by	delivering	
financial	solutions	in	partnership	with	
Development	Finance	Intuitions,	Export	
Credit	Agencies	and	Multilateral	Agencies	
designed	to	improve	risk	capacity.	Read	
about	the	Panama	Metro	project	and	the	
Banco	Compartamos	project.
In	November,	we	launched	our	first	
Sustainable	Supply	Chain	Finance	(SSCF)	
program	in	Asia	Pacific	with	the	aim	of	
supporting	clients	as	they	advance	their	
ESG	priorities,	improve	the	resilience	of	
their	supply	chains	and	manage	working	
capital	needs.	The	program	was	imple-
mented	for	Henkel,	the	German	chemical	
and	consumer	goods	company,	and	is	
targeted	at	existing	or	new	suppliers	
that	demonstrate	strong	or	improving	
sustainability	performance.	Qualifying	
suppliers	can	access	Citi’s	supply	chain	
financing	at	preferential	rates	on	a	tiered	
basis,	with	rates	improving	as	a	supplier’s	
sustainability	score	improves.	Henkel,	with	
the	support	of	a	global	leading	sustain-
ability	assessment	agency,	will	assess	the	
sustainability	performance	of	suppliers.
TTS’s	Liquidity	Management	Services	
support	treasuries’	goals	with	various	
cash	investment	products	that	have	incor-
porated	sustainability	principles.	Clients	
can	invest	their	excess	cash	with	Money	
Market	Funds	that	have	incorporated	ESG	
principles.	In	December,	we	expanded	our	
innovative	Green	Minimum	Maturity	Time	
Deposit,	a	sustainable	cash	investment	
product	that	gives	clients	the	ability	to	
invest	their	short-term	liquidity	in	environ-
mentally	friendly	projects.	Investments	
in	Citi’s	green	deposits	or	new	Green	
Minimum	Time	Deposits	will	be	allocated	
to	finance	or	refinance	a	portfolio	of	green	
projects	that	meet	the	rigorous	environ-
mental	finance	eligibility	criteria	defined	
in	our	Green	Bond	Framework.	The	new	
product	also	gives	clients	greater	flexibility	
to	extend	the	investment	period.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
36
