Acting with Integrity
We	empower	our	employees	to	do	what’s	
right	by	setting	clear	expectations	through	
our	Mission	and	Value	Proposition,	
Leadership	Principles	and	Code	of	
Conduct,	as	well	as	by	providing	the	tools	
and	resources	our	employees	need	to	act	
ethically,	along	with	clear	information	
about	the	various	resources	available	to	
escalate	concerns.
Code of Conduct
Citi’s	Code	of	Conduct	outlines	the	
standards	of	ethics	and	professional	
behavior	expected	of	employees	and	
representatives	of	Citi	when	dealing	
with	clients,	business	colleagues,	
shareholders,	communities	and	each	
other.	It	also	provides	an	overview	of	key	
legal	and	regulatory	requirements	and	
select	global	policies.
Our	Code	reinforces	for	employees	that	
Citi’s	culture	is	one	in	which	we	take	
pride	in	always	doing	the	right	thing,	hold	
ourselves	and	each	other	accountable,	and	
feel	comfortable	and	equipped	to	promptly	
escalate	concerns	about	actual	or	potential	
misconduct.	It	also	reflects	Citi’s	ongoing	
commitment	to	fostering	a	culture	of	diver-
sity	and	inclusion	—	one	in	which	doing	the	
right	thing	includes	showing	empathy	for	
our	colleagues,	clients	and	communities;	
treating	each	other	with	respect	and	civility;	
and	continuing	to	invest	in	colleagues	from	
all	backgrounds.
Citi’s	Code	of	Conduct	applies	to	all	
directors,	officers	and	employees	of	Citi	
worldwide.	Upon	joining	Citi,	employees	
must	acknowledge	that	they	have	read	and	
will	comply	with	our	Code.	To	best	serve	
our	global	workforce,	we	publish	our	Code	
of	Conduct	in	21	languages	and	make	it	
publicly	available	on	our	Investor	Relations	
website.	Individuals	performing	services	
for	Citi	may	also	be	subject	to	our	Code	
by	contract	or	agreement.	As	explicitly	
stated	in	our	Code,	violations	can	result	
in	disciplinary	action	up	to	and	including	
termination	of	employment	or	other	rela-
tionship	with	Citi.
We	provide	Code	of	Conduct	training	to	
new	hires	globally	when	they	join	Citi,	
as	well	as	to	nonemployee	contingent	
workers	performing	services	for	Citi	at	
their	time	of	onboarding.	In	addition,	we	
ask	employees	and	contingent	workers	to	
periodically	reaffirm	their	commitment	to	
our	Code	through	required	Code	of	Conduct	
training.	The	training	includes	hypothetical	
work-related	ethical	scenarios	that	focus	
on	making	good	decisions	and	performing	
our	work	in	a	way	that	is	consistent	with	
Citi’s	values,	culture,	applicable	laws,	and	
Citi	policies,	standards	and	procedures.	The	
training	includes	hypothetical	work-related	
situations	that	allow	employees	to	practice	
ethical	decision-making	and	reinforce	key	
concepts	from	our	Code	of	Conduct,	Mission	
and	Value	Proposition	and	our	Leadership	
Principles.	Like	our	Code	of	Conduct,	the	
training	emphasizes	employees’	obligation	
to	promptly	report	actual	or	suspected	
misconduct	and	provides	information	on	
the	various	resources	available	to	them	to	
do	so.
Leadership Principles
In	early	2021,	we	launched	a	new	set	of	
Leadership	Principles	that	reflect	the	
behaviors	and	expectations	we	have	for	
ourselves	in	line	with	our	transformation	
to	become	a	better,	stronger	bank.	We	
encourage	all	employees	to	demonstrate	
the	Leadership	Principles	in	all	that	they	do.	
Holding	ourselves	and	each	other	to	these	
high	standards	is	part	of	our	culture	and	
our	commitment	to	operating	in	our	clients’	
best	interests,	driving	economic	value	and	
managing	risk.	
We	expect	managers	to	lead	by	example	
and	inspire	their	employees	to	live	Citi’s	
values.	Every	manager	is	responsible	for	
creating	a	work	environment	that	is	free	of	
Citi’s Leadership Principles
These principles represent the qualities, behaviors and expectations we all must 
exhibit to deliver on our mission of enabling growth and economic progress. They 
will contribute to creating a culture that drives client excellence, controls excel-
lence and operational excellence.
We take ownership: Challenging each other to high standards and welcoming 
that challenge; greeting change with optimism, curiosity and resilience; speaking 
with candor; learning from experience; and contributing to and honoring group 
decisions 
We deliver with pride: Striving for excellence across our business; simplifying, 
standardizing and clarifying our work; holding ourselves and others accountable 
for managing risk; fixing root causes of problems; and taking pride in doing the 
right thing
We succeed together: Valuing and learning from different perspectives; breaking 
down barriers; measuring performance through a stakeholder lens; investing in 
colleagues from all backgrounds; and showing empathy for our colleagues, clients 
and communities.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
107
