Our	Transformation
Through our transformation we 
are working to modernize and 
simplify the bank so that we can 
better manage risk, improve our 
service to customers and clients 
and make Citi an easier place to 
work. Through the modernization 
of our data infrastructure and 
operations, and by evolving our 
culture, we are strengthening 
our safety and soundness as a 
bank and improving our ability to 
compete in the digital age.
Transforming Our 
Risk and Control 
Environment
In	October	2020,	the	Federal	Reserve	
Board	and	the	Office	of	the	Comptroller	
of	the	Currency	issued	consent	orders	to	
Citi	requiring	improvements	in	the	way	we	
manage	enterprise-wide	risk,	compliance,	
data	and	internal	controls.	This,	combined	
with	an	increasingly	competitive	land-
scape	and	our	clients’	acceleration	toward	
digital	solutions	through	the	pandemic,	
became	the	catalyst	for	Citi’s	transforma-
tion	strategy.	
Citi	has	been	in	operation	for	more	than	
200	years.	But	our	transformation	isn’t	
about	looking	back;	it’s	about	looking	
ahead,	to	become	an	even	stronger	bank	for	
all	our	stakeholders.	This	transformation	is	
an	interconnected,	enterprise-wide	effort.	
In	addition	to	remediating	issues,	we	are	
addressing	root	causes,	simplifying	the	way	
we	operate	and	doing	so	more	effectively.	
We	are	redesigning	our	key	processes	from	
end	to	end,	automating	them	and	ensuring	
we	have	the	proper	controls	in	place	while	
eliminating	complexity.	
Governance and 
Leadership
Putting	the	right	teams	and	governance	in	
place	is	critical	to	creating	consistency	in	
our	approach	across	the	firm	and	driving	
the	ultimate	success	of	our	transformation.
Our	Transformation	Steering	Committee,	
chaired	by	our	CEO,	sets	the	overall	
direction	for	our	transformation	efforts	
and	communicates	progress	to	our	Board	
of	Directors,	as	well	as	seeks	input	and	
feedback	from	the	Board.	In	addition,	
one	or	more	members	of	our	Executive	
Management	Team	lead	program	groups	
that	are	central	to	our	transformation.	To	
encourage	enterprise-wide	engagement,	
each	of	these	groups	includes	representa-
tion	from	across	our	businesses	and	func-
tions.	The	executives	in	charge	of	these	
programs	are	held	accountable	for	their	
group’s	success,	and	their	compensation	is	
linked	to	achieving	results.
Senior	leaders	are	setting	the	tone	for	
their	teams,	showing	a	high	level	of	
engagement	with,	and	commitment	to,	our	
transformation	activities.	
OUR DATA GOVERNANCE PROGRAM 
Data quality is one of the areas of focus for our transformation. To lead this 
effort, we have established a Data Governance Program to elevate our data 
governance and to help drive necessary improvements to our technology and 
processes. Our goal is to make it easier to locate, collect and use the infor-
mation our colleagues need to do their jobs and mitigate risk.
In 2021, we rewrote our Citi Data Governance Policy (which governs how we 
manage and use our data) to be more concise, provide greater clarity and 
embed accountability across the firm. The policy clarifies and simplifies the 
way we govern data, with a focus on achieving access to trusted, high-quality 
data in a controlled way.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
104
