net	zero	across	the	value	chain	by	2050.	
Citi	acted	as	structuring	advisor	and	
active	bookrunner	on	the	€750	million	
SLB.	As	part	of	this	bond	issuance,	Tesco	
agreed	to	cut	its	Scope	1	and	2	GHG	emis-
sions	by	60%	by	2025,	relative	to	a	2015	
baseline.	Failure	to	achieve	this	target	in	
Tesco’s	2025	financial	year	will	result	in	
a	25	basis	point	step-up	in	the	coupon	in	
2027,	2028	and	2029,	reinforcing	Tesco’s	
climate	commitments	to	both	external	and	
internal	stakeholders.	
Also	in	2021,	Citi	served	as	sole	
structuring	advisor	and	lead	left	
bookrunner	for	a	$2.8	billion	green	bond	
offering	for	Ardagh	Metal	Packaging,	a	
global	leader	in	sustainable	aluminum	
packaging	solutions.	The	offering	was	
the	largest-ever	high-yield	green	bond	
completed	to	date.	Ardagh	has	published	a	
Green	Financing	Framework	that	provides	
details	on	the	eligible	use	of	proceeds.		
In	our	Global Markets	business,	we	
recently	established	a	dedicated	ESG	team	
to	support	our	client	engagement	through	
the	integration	of	strategic	sustainability	
and	ESG	services	and	solutions.	Global	
Markets	provides	clients	with	ESG	thought	
leadership	about	trends,	market	evolution,	
themes,	integration	and	data-driven	anal-
ysis.	We	aim	to	lead	our	clients	through	
the	rapidly	evolving	landscape	of	ESG	by	
partnering	with	clients	to	develop	new	
solutions	across	fixed-income,	securitized	
products,	multi-asset	strategies	and	
sustainable	real	assets,	in	addition	to	
our	full	range	of	solutions	in	equities.	
Using	our	strengths	in	primary	issuance	
and	secondary	trading,	we	support	the	
development	of	deep,	liquid	and	efficient	
sustainable	markets.	Citi	is	also	able	to	
address	origination	and	financing	gaps	for	
clean	energy	and	energy-efficiency	project	
developers	and	investors	by	working	
across	banking,	advisory,	origination	and	
markets	teams	for	optimal	client	solutions.
Our	Clean	Energy	Finance	group,	for	
example,	has	expertise	in	providing	
full-service	financing	solutions	for	a	broad	
spectrum	of	renewable	energy	technolo-
gies,	serving	as	a	one-stop	shop	for	our	
clients,	as	well	as	financing	to	help	clients	
implement	energy	efficiency	projects.		
Citi Global Wealth,	through	its	Investing	
with	Purpose	approach,	offers	managed	
opportunities,	alternative	investments	
and	tailored	exposure	to	capital	markets	
to	help	clients	pursue	their	sustainable	
investment	objectives.	As	clients	have	
been	increasingly	concerned	with	the	
impact	their	investments	may	have	on	
society	and	the	environment,	the	direction	
of	sustainable	investing	is	evolving	past	
socially	responsible	investing,	and	Citi	
Global	Wealth	has	updated	its	offerings	to	
meet	this	growing	area	of	client	demand.	
The	Investing	with	Purpose	platform	
provides	opportunities	for	private	clients	
to	invest	alongside	Citi’s	institutional	
clients.	Multiple	Citi	Global	Wealth	clients	
have	participated	in	differentiated	capital	
markets	solutions	supporting	the	global	
green	energy	transition,	an	investment	
thesis	reaffirmed	by	our	investment	
strategy	team.	As	the	world	goes	greener,	
the	opportunities	for	Citi	Global	Wealth	
investors	are	likely	to	multiply	over	the	
coming	years,	enabling	us	to	build	entire	
core	and	opportunistic	allocations	that	
reflect	sustainable	principles	—	a	process	
we	might	describe	as	“greening	your	
portfolio.”	
Our	Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)	
business	provides	financing	and	cash	
management	solutions	to	clients	across	
the	globe.		
We	have	established	a	global,	cross-func-
tional	ESG	working	group	to	develop	holis-
tic	sustainable	working	capital,	investment	
and	cash	management	solutions.	These	
include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	Sustainable	
Supply	Chain	Finance,	Sustainable	Trade	
and	Working	Capital	Loans	and	Sustainable	
Deposits,	as	well	as	Money	Market	Funds	
with	ESG	principles	embedded.	Through	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
35
