In 2021, Citi Tower Hong Kong installed our largest on-site renewable energy 
system to date. This hybrid system generates energy for water heating and 
electricity. The system includes 360 solar panels, which we estimate will 
generate over 85,000 kilowatt-hours annually, avoiding 70 metric tons of CO2 
emissions each year. The site also has a small wind turbine.
With the installation of 
solar panels for two more 
locations completed 
in 2021, we now have 
six bank branches in 
Mexico with on-site 
solar generation. These 
branches receive from 
60% to 80% of their 
electricity needs from 
on-site solar power, 
including the branch 
pictured at right in 
Mexico City. The six 
branches have a total 
of 348 solar panels and 
a combined capacity 
of 115 kilowatts when 
operating at their peak 
output. In 2021, these 
sites produced 64,000 
kilowatt-hours of 
electricity.  
Sustainable Building 
Principles in Action
Whether	undertaking	new	construction	or	
renovating	existing	buildings,	we	prioritize	
efficiency	and	sustainability,	to	minimize	
the	environmental	impact	of	our	facilities	
across	the	globe.	Buildings	are	responsible	
for	about	40%	of	global	energy	use	and	
approximately	one-third	of	GHG	emissions.2	
Since	our	own	operations	consist	largely	of	
buildings,	we	have	developed	and	are	pilot-
ing	requirements	for	all	new	buildings	to	be	
zero	carbon	by	2030,	in	support	of	our	net	
zero	commitments.	These	requirements	
address	both	operational	and	embodied	
carbon	emissions,	inclusive	of	energy	use,	
energy	supply,	integration	with	utilities	and	
material	use.	
Citi	is	currently	renovating	a	facility	in	
Gray,	Tennessee,	to	align	with	our	zero-
carbon	requirements.	The	plans	for	this	
facility	include	features	to	reduce	energy	
use	as	much	as	possible	and	to	meet	any	
remaining	energy	needs	with	renewable	
sources.	Aligning	this	building	with	our	
zero-carbon	building	requirements	will	
also	benefit	the	well-being	of	those	using	
the	building.	For	instance,	a	tight	building	
seal	will	improve	air	quality	and	thermal	
comfort	for	those	inside	and	will	also	
improve	energy	efficiency.	
One	of	our	2025	goals	is	to	have	40%	of	
our	facilities,	by	floor	area,	LEED,	WELL	
or	equivalent	certified.	In	2021,	we	earned	
certifications	for	several	sustainable	build-
ing	projects	in	pursuit	of	this	goal:	
	•
Guatemala (LEED Gold):	Reducing	
the	environmental	impact	of	the	
interior	construction	of	our	offices	in	
Guatemala	was	instrumental	in	our	
ability	to	achieve	LEED	Gold	for	this	site.	
Design	features	include	high-efficiency	
fixtures	and	equipment	to	reduce	water	
consumption	by	41.5%	and	electrical	
2.	United	Nations	Environment	Programme,	“Energy	Efficiency	for	Buildings,”	page	1,	accessed	November	2021.		
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
52
