COVID-19	Relief	and	Recovery
Throughout 2021, Citi and the Citi 
Foundation continued to address 
immediate needs for COVID-19 
relief while staying focused on 
longer-term economic recovery. 
Many of our efforts were geared 
toward underserved communities 
around the world, which were 
facing disproportionate burdens 
from the global pandemic.  
By	the	end	of	2021,	Citi	and	the	Citi	
Foundation	had	contributed	more	than	
$160	million	in	COVID-19	and	recovery	
efforts	since	the	beginning	of	the	
pandemic.	Total	contributions	included		
$3	million	from	Citi	employees	to	date.	Citi	
and	the	Citi	Foundation	provided	support	
to	organizations	—	small	and	large	—	all	
around	the	world:	food	donations	and	meal	
kits	to	help	people	facing	food	insecurity;	
support	for	housing	stability	loans;	emer-
gency	child	care	programs;	medical	and	
personal	protective	equipment;	COVID-19	
screening	and	testing	funds,	and	more.		
In	India,	as	cases	surged	in	the	spring	
of	2021,	Citi	pledged	$27	million	over	
three	years	toward	recovery	and	relief	
efforts.	Of	the	total	pledged,	$10	million	
was	allocated	immediately	toward	the	
procurement	of	oxygen	supplies	and	
other	equipment	for	frontline	healthcare	
workers.	The	funds	also	went	toward	food	
and	hygiene	supplies	for	approximately	
200,000	low-income	families.
In	Asia,	the	Citi	Foundation’s	grant	to	
the	Resilient	Cities	Network	supports	
small-	and	medium-sized	businesses	
while	advancing	the	recovery	of	selected	
cities	in	the	region.	The	Catalyzing	City	
Resilience	Solutions	(CCRS)	program	is	
working	with	municipal	governments	to	
help	local	economies	recover	from	the	
pandemic	by	identifying	critical	small-	and	
medium-sized	enterprises	(SME)	and	
empowering	them	to	create	and	scale	
urban	solutions	that	will	enable	greater	
resilience.	CCRS	is	structured	to	include	
an	initial	assessment	phase	where	cities	
can	assess	the	impact	of	the	pandemic	
on	a	particular	sector	and	local	economy;	
an	accelerator	phase	where	cities	and	the	
selected	SME	sector	co-create	solutions	
that	address	critical	resiliency	challenges;	
and	a	pilot	project	phase	to	demonstrate	
the	potential	of	the	selected	solution.	
The	participating	city	of	Melaka,	Malaysia,	
for	example,	is	exploring	how	to	support	
the	SME	ecosystem	along	the	Melaka	
riverfront,	which	was	especially	affected	
by	a	drop	in	tourism.	The	assessment	
phase	revealed	that	SMEs	in	the	area	are	
facing	gaps	in	knowledge	and	capacity	to	
rebuild	from	the	pandemic	and	that	there	
is	a	lack	of	stakeholder	communication	to	
deliver	on	resilience	initiatives.	Based	on	
these	findings,	Melaka	will	launch	and	test	
a	platform	to	increase	collaboration	among	
key	stakeholders	through	joint	trainings	
and	problem-solving	sessions	for	govern-
ment	officials	and	local	entrepreneurs.
In	the	United	States,	the	Citi	Foundation	
announced	a	$25	million	investment	to	
be	distributed	to	nonprofit	organizations	
that	provide	technical	assistance	to	
minority-owned	businesses	navigating	
the	continued	economic	impacts	of	the	
pandemic.	The	50	grant	recipients,	which	
each	received	$500,000	in	unrestricted	
support,	are	local,	community-based	
change	agents	that	have	the	expertise,	
experience	and	relationships	to	provide	
tailored,	on-the-ground	support	for	
affected	businesses	and	the	communities	
they	serve.
In	addition,	Citi	deepened	our	relationship	
with	No	Kid	Hungry,	an	organization	
working	to	end	childhood	hunger	in	the	
United	States,	to	help	address	the	ongoing	
issue	of	food	insecurity	during	COVID-19.	
In	2021,	we	provided	$2.8	million	in	new	
funding	to	support	various	campaigns	
aimed	at	helping	the	rapid	response	to	
school	and	community	needs	in	New	York	
City.	Learn	more	about	our	work	with	No	
Kid	Hungry.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
72
