Respecting the  
Human Rights of  
Our Employees
We	expect	every	Citi	employee	to	adhere	
to	our	Code	of	Conduct,	which	includes	
a	commitment	to	human	rights,	and	to	
participate	in	relevant	training.	Our	Code	
of	Conduct	prohibits	unlawful	discrimina-
tion,	harassment	and	other	behavior	that	
infringes	on	individual	rights.	As	stated	
in	our	Code	of	Conduct,	Citi	expects	all	
employees,	as	well	as	suppliers,	clients	and	
community	partners	globally	to	respect	
the	principle	of	nondiscrimination.
Citi	has	identified	workplace	discrimination	
and	threats	to	diversity	and	inclusion	
as	salient	human	rights	risks	for	our	
company.	As	such,	respect	for	diversity	
and	inclusion	is	a	high	priority	wherever	
we	operate.	It	can	become	a	particular	
concern	in	countries	where	there	is	no	
legal	protection	against	discrimination	
based	on	gender,	gender	identity,	race,	
ethnicity,	age,	religion,	physical	or	mental	
disability	or	medical	condition,	or	sexual	
orientation,	in	addition	to	a	range	of	other	
essential	characteristics	inherent	to	iden-
tity	and	personhood.	Citi	prohibits	discrim-
ination	and	harassment	of	our	employees	
in	all	forms,	regardless	of	whether	or	not	
individual	protections	are	legally	mandated	
in	the	countries	and	communities	where	
we	operate.	In	fact,	we	know	that	even	in	
locations	with	anti-discrimination	laws,	
there	is	still	a	need	for	companies	to	
ensure	that	they	are	doing	their	part	to	
respect	individual	rights.
In	2021,	we	established	a	team	in	the	
United	States	to	identify	and	accelerate	
hiring	of	diverse	talent.	We	also	strive	to	
increase	the	diversity	of	our	workforce	
through	the	use	of	diverse	slates	in	our	
hiring	process	and	by	setting	aspirational	
goals	related	to	diverse	representation	
for	Assistant	Vice	President	to	Managing	
Director	levels.	Citi	has	also	signed	the	
Human	Rights	Campaign’s	Business	
Statement	Opposing	Anti-LGBTQ+	State	
Legislation.	Learn	more	about	our	
diversity,	equity	and	inclusion	efforts	
in	the	Talent	and	Diversity,	Equity	&	
Inclusion	section.
Freedom of Association
Citi	has	employees	who	are	represented	by	
unions	and	works	councils	in	a	number	of	
countries	where	we	operate.	In	addition,	
a	portion	of	our	employee	population	
is	covered	by	collective	bargaining	
agreements.	We	engage	directly	with	our	
employees	and	through	these	associations	
to	discuss	issues	such	as	health	and	safety,	
remuneration,	work	hours,	training,	career	
development,	work	time	flexibility	and	
equal	opportunity.	Information	related	to	
freedom	of	association	is	communicated	
to	employees	through	various	mediums,	
including	employee	handbooks,	our	
intranet	and	employee	emails.
Extending Respect 
for Human Rights 
Through Our Suppliers
Our	nondiscrimination	policies	extend	
to	Citi’s	suppliers,	and	we	do	not	work	
with	suppliers	that	are	discovered	to	
discriminate	on	the	basis	of	personal	
characteristics,	such	as	gender,	race	and	
sexual	orientation.	Since	1977,	we	have	
used	our	supplier	diversity	program	to	
empower	communities	around	the	world.	
We	communicate	our	approach	to	human	
rights	to	our	suppliers	in	our	Statement	
of	Supplier	Principles.	Our	approach	is	
reinforced	by	our	Corporate	Responsibility	
Questionnaire	(CRQ).	This	questionnaire	
helps	our	procurement	team	determine	
how	potential	and	current	suppliers	
manage	environmental	and	social	issues,	
including	human	rights	issues.
Building	on	our	prior	efforts,	we	have	
updated	and	expanded	our	CRQ	to	improve	
supplier	engagement	and	evaluation	of	
their	operations.	The	latest	assessment	
expands	on	our	previous	questions	in	the	
areas	of	modern	slavery,	supplier	diversity,	
environmental	sustainability,	corporate	
responsibility,	labor	rights	and	workplace	
safety.	In	addition,	we	have	introduced	
additional	screening	related	to	modern	
slavery	for	suppliers	in	high-risk	sectors	
and	countries.	
Citi	is	committed	to	SDG 8,	which	aims	
to	promote sustained, inclusive and 
sustainable economic growth, full and 
productive employment and decent work 
for all.	This	is	exemplified	by	our	work	to	
fight	modern	slavery	in	our	value	chain,	
along	with	our	related	reporting,	policies,	
due	diligence	and	risk	assessments.	In	
particular,	our	initiatives	in	these	areas	
address	target	8.7,	which	includes	a	
mandate	to	eradicate forced labor, end 
modern slavery and human trafficking	
and	end child labor in all its forms.	
SDG Goal 8: Decent Work and Economic 
Growth 
MODERN SLAVERY 
DISCLOSURES
Each year, we disclose our 
approach to identifying and 
mitigating the risks of modern 
slavery in our operations 
(including client transactions) 
and in our supply chain. The 
disclosures cover information 
about our governance and 
policies related to modern 
slavery, risk assessment and due 
diligence processes, and training. 
In 2021, we released our first 
Modern Slavery Statement 
specific to Australia.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
129
