• For green buildings, the average household energy savings is equal to the average energy use of a non-LEED-certified 
building multiplied by the percentage of energy savings by a LEED-certified building. The result is multiplied by the number 
of square feet and the per square feet CO2 emission factor.
 
• Renewable energy capacity added refers to the size of new renewable energy capacity installed as a result of Citi’s share of 
renewable energy project financings. 
 
• People impacted refers to the direct number of people benefiting from the use of Citi-financed lending activities for small 
businesses, renewable energy and energy efficiency projects, affordable housing, and underwritten municipal bond proceeds for 
transit, water and education projects. 
• For microfinance lending activities, people impacted is equivalent to the number of entrepreneurs and small farm holders 
receiving business loans as self-reported by Citi teams.
• For renewable energy projects and energy efficiency finance, people impacted is equivalent to the number of people whose 
annual energy usage is supplied by the project. Estimated renewable energy generation annually due to Citi financing is 
divided by average energy consumption per capita in the country of the project to estimate number of people impacted.
• For affordable housing, the number of people impacted is calculated using external reference data on average household 
size multiplied by the number of housing units constructed.
• For municipal bond financing related to education projects, people impacted is estimated as the number of enrolled school 
children benefiting from new or repaired school buildings or purchases of equipment. External education data on average 
student enrollment by school, and the number of schools benefiting from funding as stated in issuance documents, was 
used for this calculation.
 
• Direct jobs supported refers to the number of jobs supported by the uses of Citi-financed lending or underwritten municipal 
bond proceeds. Jobs supported are related to Citi’s share of new financing for the projects. For microfinance lending, jobs 
supported are equal to the number of entrepreneurs and smallholder farmers that received loans. For projects involving new 
construction or maintenance and repair of affordable housing units, renewable energy generation, schools, transit or water 
systems in the United States, jobs supported are calculated as Citi-financed expenditures divided by output per worker supplied 
by the IMPLAN economic modeling system. For projects involving renewable energy generation in locations outside the United 
States, external data is used to estimate the share of project cost involving installation (labor), and this is divided by average 
compensation of workers in the country to estimate jobs supported.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
29
