Reporting and Self- 
Assessment Requirements 
High-Level Summary of Bank’s Response
References
2.3 Plans for Target Implementation 
and Monitoring
Show that your bank has defined 
actions and milestones to meet the set 
targets.
Show that your bank has put in place 
the means to measure and monitor 
progress against the set targets. 
Definitions of key performance 
indicators, any changes in these 
definitions, and any rebasing of 
baselines should be transparent. 
Measures and actions we plan to put in place:
Climate Change:
In early 2022, we released our 2021 TCFD Report, which highlights potential 
emissions-reduction approaches for our Energy and Power loan portfolios to 
reach net zero GHG emissions. 
In the initial net zero plan for these portfolios, we provide a phased timeline 
of actions and measures to achieve our interim 2030 targets including client 
transition assessment; advisory and finance; clean tech finance; public policy 
engagement, risk management; and portfolio management. These areas of 
activity are detailed further in the report. 
Racial Equity:
In November 2021, we released our Year One Progress report, which 
summarizes progress made against our Action for Racial Equity commitments 
to help close the racial wealth gap and expand economic mobility for 
communities of color in the United States. The report also includes overviews 
on our approach to working with MDIs, providing venture capital to Black 
founders, supporting more equitable rental housing, embedding equity in asset 
management and leveraging philanthropy from the Citi Foundation to support 
small businesses. In October 2021, we committed to conduct an audit of Action 
for Racial Equity, which intends to assess the design and implementation of 
our effort and will help inform how to adapt and grow our work to address the 
racial wealth gap. 
Key Performance Indicators:
Citi will report progress toward our targets annually using the key 
performance indicators listed below:
Net Zero Commitment:
• Emissions associated with key carbon-intensive sectors
• Emissions associated with our operations
$1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Commitment:
• Financial performance broken down by region, criteria and business
• Environmental and social impacts 
Thermal Coal Mining Credit Exposure:
•  Credit exposure to thermal coal companies 
Action for Racial Equity: 
• Growth in banking and access to credit in communities of color
• Amount of equity investments in Black-owned firms
• Amount of equity investments in MDIs
• Growth of consumer lending capabilities that increase access to mortgage 
products and services
2021 ESG Report:
• Sustainable Finance
• Climate Risk and Net Zero
• Action for Racial Equity
• Citi Impact Fund
External References:
• 2021 TCFD Report
• Action for Racial Equity
• ARE Year One Progress Report
• Environmental and Social Policy 
Framework
• Net Zero Commitment
Citi has established strategies and initiatives to implement the identified targets. We have identified key performance indicators that we will report 
annually to monitor progress toward these targets. While the provided indicators are not an exhaustive list, we anticipate that these metrics may evolve 
as we move further toward implementation. 
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
161
