Policy Implementation
Our	centralized	team	of	ESRM	specialists	
within	Citi’s	Risk	Management	function	
evaluates	transactions	that	trigger	a	
review	under	our	ESRM	Policy.	We	also	
provide	ESRM	training	to	key	risk	and	
banking	personnel	globally,	enabling	
them	to	spot	potential	risks.	In	addition,	
our	ESRM	Champions,	located	around	
the	world,	use	their	regional	expertise	
and	additional	ESRM	training	to	serve	as	
bridges	between	our	local	banking	teams	
and	our	global	ESRM	team.	This	network	
approach	enhances	the	global	coverage	
capacity	of	our	centralized	specialist	
team.	The	ESRM	team	shares	information	
and	best	practices	with	ESRM	Champions	
to	support	and	strengthen	the	entire	
network.
When	the	viability	of	a	deal	is	first	
explored,	our	ESRM	team	works	with	Citi	
bankers	to	evaluate	the	magnitude	of	the	
potential	environmental	and	social	impacts	
associated	with	the	transaction	and	to	
determine	what	action,	if	any,	is	needed	to	
comply	with	our	ESRM	Policy	prior	to	final	
approval	of	the	transaction.	If	Citi	receives	
a	mandate	to	move	forward	with	a	trans-
action	that	involves	such	risks,	the	ESRM	
team	continues	to	work	with	the	banking	
team	to	conduct	due	diligence	commensu-
rate	with	the	risks	faced.
Higher-risk,	project-related	transactions	
may	receive	in-depth	reviews	by	indepen-
dent	environmental	and	social	consultants	
to	benchmark	against	international	
standards.	If	gaps	are	found	between	a	
client’s	environmental	and	social	plans,	
policies	or	practices	and	international	
standards,	we	require	the	development	of	
an	Environmental	and	Social	Action	Plan	
(ESAP)	to	fill	the	gaps.	As	a	condition	of	
financing,	we	require	the	client	to	imple-
ment	the	ESAP	by	specifying	covenants	
in	the	loan	agreement,	and	we	monitor	
its	progress	over	time.	In	some	cases,	
we	decline	to	participate	in	a	transaction	
because	we	do	not	believe	we	can	
adequately	address	the	environmental	and	
social	risks	through	mitigation	measures	
or	because	the	risks	are	too	high.
Applying	our	ESRM	Policy	helps	us	to	
identify	risks	beyond	traditional	credit	
risks,	guides	how	we	evaluate	transactions	
related	to	companies	or	projects	in	high-
risk	sectors	and	presents	opportunities	
for	us	to	advise	clients	on	solutions	to	
thematic	risks.	
Over	the	last	few	years,	we	have	seen	a	
rapid	increase	in	the	volume	and	variety	
of	transactions	flagged	for	ESRM	review.	
This	is	due	to	increased	interest	from	
regulators	on	ESRM-related	issues	and	the	
growth	in	ESG-related	financial	products,	
as	well	as	greater	engagement	across	
the	firm	as	employees	receive	additional	
training	and	become	more	aware	of	the	
potential	environmental	and	social	risks	in	
the	transactions	they	are	managing.	For	
example,	the	responsibility	and	activities	
of	our	ESRM	team	have	expanded	in	recent	
years	to	account	for	increasing	attention	
and	concern	related	to	climate	risk.	For	
information	about	our	approach	and	
management	activities	in	this	area,	see	the	
Climate	Risk	and	Net	Zero	section.	
The	ESRM	section	of	our	Environmental	
and	Social	Policy	Framework	outlines	the	
scope	of	our	ESRM	Policy,	including	the	
types	of	transactions	that	trigger	a	review,	
and	provides	additional	detail	about	our	
risk-screening	practices	and	categories,	
independent	reviews	and	action	plans.	The	
Framework	also	includes	an	overview	of	
our	Areas	of	High	Caution,	sector-specific	
approaches	and	policy	prohibitions.
Ongoing	engagement	with	our	clients	is	
an	important	part	of	our	ESRM	process.	
When	we	first	established	our	ESRM	policy,	
our	engagements	were	tied	to	specific,	
project-related	financial	transactions	and	
their	associated	environmental	and	social	
risks	and	mitigation	efforts.	However,	as	
we	have	developed	Sector	Approaches	
and	Areas	of	High	Caution	over	the	years,	
we	have	added	corporate-level	reviews	
and	client	engagements	in	a	number	of	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
116
