Reporting and Self- 
Assessment Requirements 
High-Level Summary of Bank’s Response
References
Principle 5: Governance & Culture
We will implement our commitment to these Principles through effective governance and a culture of responsible banking.
5.1 Describe the relevant governance 
structures, policies and procedures 
your bank has in place/is planning 
to put in place to manage significant 
positive and negative (potential) 
impacts and support effective 
implementation of the Principles. 
Citi’s Board of Directors plays an important role in providing oversight of our 
efforts to ensure responsible business practices. For example, the Nomination, 
Governance and Public Affairs Committee (NGPAC) of the Board oversees Citi’s 
global ESG activities and performance, and the Risk Management Committee 
(RMC) provides oversight of Citi’s Risk Management function, reviews Citi’s 
risk appetite framework, including reputational risk appetite, and reviews key 
risk policies, including those focused on environmental and social risk. The 
Ethics, Conduct and Culture Committee of the Board oversees management’s 
efforts to foster a culture of ethics within the company and receives regular 
reports from senior management on the progress of those efforts.
In 2021, we formed a new Global ESG Council consisting of senior members 
of management in order to provide enhanced oversight of our ESG activities 
and goals. Additionally, to support the development and launch of our net 
zero plan, we formed a Net Zero Task Force in 2021. The Task Force, led by our 
CSO, includes leaders from diverse business units and many other functions 
throughout Citi. 
Citi also has a Global Sustainability Steering Committee, a senior-level 
committee formed to advise on our sustainability and climate change strategy.
For more details on governance for ESG and sustainability issues, please refer 
to the ESG Governance section of this report. For more details on Citi’s climate 
change governance, please see our 2021 TCFD Report.
2021 ESG Report: 
• ESG Governance at Citi 
External References:
• 2021 TCFD Report
• Ethics, Conduct and Culture 
Committee Charter
• Nomination, Governance and 
Public Affairs Committee Charter
• Risk Management Committee 
Charter
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
164
