Our Salient Human  
Rights Risks
Citi	has	spent	more	than	a	decade	seeking	
to	understand	and	mitigate	the	most	
salient	human	rights	risks	related	to	our	
business	—	those	that	pose	the	greatest	
risk	to	people	—	including	the	activities	of	
our	clients	and	other	business	partners.
The	most	severe	potential	risks	posed	to	
people	by	our	clients’	activities,	partic-
ularly	in	the	context	of	project-related	
finance,	are	identified	under	our	ESRM	
Policy.	Our	work	to	address	these	risks	
began	in	2003	when	we	helped	to	found	
the	Equator	Principles	(EP)	framework	to	
enhance	and	standardize	risk	management	
across	the	banking	sector,	established	an	
internal	ESRM	team,	and	began	developing	
our	risk	identification	and	mitigation	
policies	and	procedures.	While	our	formal	
ESRM	processes	give	us	the	most	leverage	
when	we	are	directly	financing	a	project,	
we	also	screen	for	human	rights	risks	and	
opportunities	to	engage	clients	in	other	
types	of	corporate	financing	covered	by	
our	ESRM	Policy	and	in	targeted	ESRM	
portfolio	reviews	of	high	risk	sectors	
or	geographies.	In	addition,	we	work	to	
identify	and	address	salient	human	rights	
risks	that	could	arise	in	other	areas	of	
our	value	chain	such	as	our	supply	chain,	
our	workforce	and	our	consumer	banking	
activities.	For	a	full	list	of	our	salient	
human	rights	risks	and	the	stakeholders	
they	may	impact,	see	the	table	on	the	
following	page.
Efforts	to	achieve	racial	equity	and	promote	
diversity	and	inclusion	relate	directly	to	
the	protection	of	human	rights,	as	these	
efforts	seek	to	remedy	disparities	and	
protect	individuals	from	discrimination	on	
the	basis	of	essential	characteristics.	We	
have	identified	salient	human	rights	risks	
in	this	area,	including	discrimination	in	the	
provision	of	financial	services	and	threats	
to	diversity	and	inclusion.	You	can	learn	
about	Citi’s	Action for Racial Equity	commit-
ments,	established	in	2020,	and	additional	
inclusion	initiatives	related	to	our	supply	
chain,	our	workforce	and	the	communities	
we	serve	throughout	this	report.
For	human	rights	concerns	related	to	a	
particular	client,	transaction	or	portfolio,	
we	escalate	those	issues	to	the	relevant	
internal	Reputation	Risk	Committee.	
In	addition,	in	2021,	we	established	an	
Asia	Pacific	Human	Rights	Task	Force,	
comprised	of	senior	bankers	and	risk	
managers.	The	aim	of	the	task	force	is	to	
enable	a	more	standardized	approach	to	
addressing	salient	human	rights	risks	that	
arise	in	that	region.	For	more	information	
about	our	governance	of	ESG	issues,	
including	human	rights,	see	the	ESG	
Governance	at	Citi	section.	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
126
