Taxation Policies  
and Standards
Citi	does	business	in	more	than	160	
countries	and	jurisdictions,	and	maintains	
strong	review	and	escalation	processes	
that	enable	us	to	adhere	to	high	standards	
of	compliance	with	applicable	tax	laws.	We	
are	a	current	income	taxpayer,	both	within	
and	outside	the	United	States.	Our	tax	
profile	is	consistent	with	the	locations	of	
our	business	operations.
We	emphasize	strong	internal	controls	and	
transparency	with	global	tax	authorities	
and	share	information	relevant	to	our	tax	
profile.	We	supplement	this	transparency	
with	additional	country-by-country	report-
ing,	which	is	required	under	the	OECD’s	
action	plan	to	address	base	erosion	and	
profit	shifting.	Our	tax	policy	is	overseen	
by	our	Chief	Tax	Officer,	who	reports	to	
the	Chief	Financial	Officer.	Tax	policies	and	
related	matters	are	reviewed	by	the	Audit	
Committee	of	the	Board	of	Directors.
Citi	maintains	a	strong	system	of	controls	
to	facilitate	reporting	and	withholding	
requirements.	We	have	systems	and	
processes	to	comply	with	the	Foreign	
Account	Tax	Compliance	Act,	and	we	are	
in	compliance	with	the	Common	Reporting	
Standard	in	all	applicable	countries	where	
local	implementing	guidance	has	been	
issued.	Similarly,	we	have	a	firm-wide	policy	
applicable	to	customer	transactions	under	
which	Citi	will	only	engage	in	transactions	
where	there	is	a	high	degree	of	certainty	
that	any	tax	aspects	will	be	accepted	by	the	
respective	taxing	authorities.
For	more	information	on	how	taxation	
impacts	Citi,	see	page	128	of	our		
2021	Form	10-K.
Public Policy
Being	a	responsible	corporate	citizen	
includes	engagement	in	the	political	
process	as	a	part	of	our	strong	ESG	prac-
tice.	The	potential	impact	of	public	policy	
on	our	business,	employees,	communities	
and	customers	is	an	important	reason	
why	Citi	works	to	advance	and	protect	the	
global	business	interests	of	our	company	
directly	and	indirectly	through	engage-
ment	with	trade	associations,	governments	
and	elected	officials	around	the	world.	Citi	
advocates	for	public	policies	that	support	
the	interests	of	our	company,	clients	and	
employees,	such	as	trade,	cybersecurity,	
data	localization,	tax	and	financial	reform.	
Guided	by	Citi’s	Political	Engagement	
Statement,	company	political	activities	are	
performed	in	compliance	with	applicable	
laws	and	regulations.
Under	U.S.	Federal	Election	Commission	
rules,	Citi’s	Political	Action	Committee	(Citi	
PAC)	pools	the	voluntary	contributions	of	
eligible	employees	to	support	U.S.	political	
candidates	and	campaigns	that	support	
the	financial	industry	and	complementary	
pro-business	policies.	In	2021,	we	reviewed	
and	strengthened	our	principles	for	deter-
mining	future	support	by	Citi	PAC.	The	
updated	criteria	include:	
	•
Support	of	business	issues	important	
to	Citi	
	•
Position	on	a	committee	with	jurisdic-
tion	over	policy	issues	important	to	Citi,	
or	elected	leadership	position	
	•
Representation	of	a	state	or	district	
where	Citi	has	a	significant	employee	
presence	
	•
Character	and	integrity,	and	demon-
strated	commitment	to	bipartisanship,	
governing	and	protecting	democratic	
institutions	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
112
