The Future of Work 
One	of	the	silver	linings	of	the	pandemic	
was	that	our	colleagues	and	teams	learned	
new	and	different	ways	of	working	when	
the	virus	initially	closed	the	doors	of	our	
offices.	At	Citi,	we	felt	it	would	be	a	missed	
opportunity	if	we	didn’t	seize	the	moment	
to	reimagine	the	workplace	once	the	
pandemic	eases.
Our	CEO,	Jane	Fraser,	boldly	embraced	the	
desire	to	be	a	bank	with	brains	and	a	soul,	
and	to	break	out	of	the	traditional	mindset	
that	required	our	colleagues	to	be	in	the	
office	all	day,	every	business	day.	We	
established	principles	to	guide	our	flexible,	
future	work	model	and	related	ways	of	
working	—	all	with	the	aim	to	drive	collabora-
tion	and	meaningful	connections,	maximize	
apprenticeship	and	learning	opportunities,	
leverage	technology	to	our	advantage,	
support	colleague	well-being	and	belonging,	
and	treat	our	colleagues	equitably.	
We	announced	this	future	work	model	will	
take	effect	after	colleagues	return	to	the	
office,	and	the	model	will	provide	hybrid,	
remote	and	resident	designations	for	
colleagues.	Hybrid	roles	offer	colleagues	
the	flexibility	to	work	at	least	three	days	
per	week	in	the	office	and	up	to	two	days	
from	home.	The	majority	of	Citi	employ-
ees	have	been	designated	as	hybrid.	
Remote	roles	may	be	performed	100%	
from	outside	the	office	location.	Resident	
roles	are	jobs	that	cannot	be	performed	
remotely,	such	as	tellers	in	our	branches	
and	data	center	employees.
In	2022,	we	will	roll	out	the	future	work	
model	and	survey	employees	throughout	
the	early	phases,	using	data	to	understand	
what	is	working	—	and	what	isn’t	—	so	we	
can	adapt	where	we	need	to.	To	support	
hybrid	and	remote	working,	we	have	been	
introducing	enhanced	technology	and	tools	
that	enable	us	to	be	more	connected	and	
collaborative,	no	matter	where	we	work.		
The Benefit of Time
Having an opportunity to recharge or step away from work can boost job 
productivity and morale. In 2021, we rolled out two new programs to do just 
that for those who have been employed by Citi for at least five years. 
Our “Refresh, Recharge, Reenergize” sabbatical program allows colleagues to 
take up to 12 weeks away from work to pursue personal interests or education, 
take extended travel or simply take time off. Employees will receive 25% of 
their base pay, do not have to provide an explanation or reason for taking a 
break, and are eligible for two sabbaticals during their full tenure at Citi. In 
the first year of the program, which was launched in 2021, more than 200 
employees began to take sabbatical.
Julie Berg, Head of Product and Segment Analytics, U.S. Consumer Analytics, 
took advantage of the new program by driving coast-to-coast (and back again), 
traveling more than 10,000 miles across 24 states with her dog, Hank, as her 
companion. “My sabbatical was like a reboot on the computer with the ability to 
purge ‘cached’ information,” Berg said. “I worked with my team to prepare for 
time off for about 6 months to ensure all of the work was covered. I am forever 
grateful to them and my manager for holding the fort while I was away.” 
Our new, pro bono “Giving Back” program, meanwhile, allows employees to lend 
their time and talents at a charitable organization for two to four weeks while 
still receiving 100% of their Citi base pay. 
Julie Berg’s trusty companion, 
Hank, enjoying his cross-country 
sabbatical trip.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
82
