Reporting and Self- 
Assessment Requirements 
High-Level Summary of Bank’s Response
References
3.2 Describe how your bank has worked 
with and/or is planning to work with its 
clients and customers to encourage 
sustainable practices and enable 
sustainable economic activities. This 
should include information on actions 
planned/implemented, products 
and services developed, and, where 
possible, the impacts achieved.
Through our $1 trillion commitment to sustainable finance, we will finance 
and facilitate a wide array of climate solutions, such as renewable energy, 
clean technology, water conservation and sustainable transportation as 
well as activities in social finance, which include investments in education, 
affordable housing and basic infrastructure, healthcare, economic inclusion 
and food security. Reaching the goal will require the development of innovative 
financing solutions, increasing engagement and helping clients across all 
sectors, no matter where they are in their own sustainability journeys, to 
enable more sustainable business models and practices. For more information, 
please see the Sustainable Finance section in this report. 
To facilitate these transitions, we have established dedicated teams embedded 
across our businesses to offer strategic sustainability and ESG services 
and solutions. Our business groups, including Banking, Capital Markets and 
Advisory; Global Markets; Global Wealth Management; and Treasury and Trade 
Solutions, all have dedicated bankers or teams focused on advising clients and 
offering customized ESG-themed products and services.
Under our net zero commitment, we will engage clients in carbon-intensive 
sectors that have low-carbon transition opportunities. We have formed 
specialized business units to work closely with clients to support their 
business plans as they transition to net zero including the Natural Resources & 
Clean Energy Transition team; the Sustainability & Corporate Transitions team; 
and the Sustainable Debt Capital Markets team. For more information, please 
see our 2021 TCFD Report. 
Our ESRM Policy helps us finance projects and activities responsibly by 
engaging our clients on environmental and social risks and good practices. 
Ongoing engagement with our clients is an important part of our ESRM 
process. When we first established our ESRM Policy, our engagements were 
tied to specific, project-related financial transactions and their associated 
environmental and social risks and mitigation efforts. However, as we have 
developed Sector Approaches and Areas of High Caution over the years, we 
have added corporate-level reviews and client engagements in a number of 
sectors. These sector-specific risk review processes encourage dialogue 
between Citi and our clients about the material environmental and social 
risks associated with their operations, enabling us to develop a better 
understanding of prevailing industry practices and our clients’ performance 
and guide our clients toward better sustainability practices.
2021 ESG Report:
• Sustainable Finance
• Climate Risk and Net Zero
• Risk Management > Environmental 
and Social Risk Management 
External References:
• 2021 TCFD Report
• Environmental and Social Policy 
Framework
• Net Zero Commitment
Principle 4: Stakeholders
We will proactively and responsibly consult, engage and partner with relevant stakeholders to achieve society’s goals.
4.1 Describe which stakeholders 
(or groups/types of stakeholders) 
your bank has consulted, engaged, 
collaborated or partnered with for 
the purpose of implementing these 
Principles and improving your bank’s 
impacts. This should include a high-
level overview of how your bank has 
identified relevant stakeholders and 
what issues were addressed/results 
achieved.
Citi believes that we are best able to drive business value when we serve the 
interests of a wide array of stakeholders, including our shareholders. We 
made a deliberate effort to continue stakeholder engagement in a pandemic 
environment. To fulfill this approach, we regularly review our stakeholder 
partnerships across a range of functions, including Global Public Affairs, 
Investor Relations, Human Resources and Corporate Governance, as well as 
Sustainability & ESG, Government Affairs and other teams in Public Affairs.
A summary of the groups we have engaged with, the topics addressed, and 
results achieved is provided in Stakeholder Engagement section of this report. 
We also highlight our climate-related engagement with clients and trade 
associations in our 2021 TCFD Report.
2021 ESG Report:
• Stakeholder Engagement
• Climate Risk and Net Zero >  
Participation in Net Zero  
Frameworks
• Climate Risk and Net Zero >  
Engagement
• Risk Management > Client  
Engagement 
External References:
• 2021 TCFD Report
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
163
