Collaborating with MDIs 
 
Minority depository institutions (MDIs) have long been the trusted source of banking and access to capital for communities of color. 
For generations, they have provided essential financial services, especially for Black Americans who have not had equitable access to 
the mainstream banking system and therefore had fewer opportunities to build generational wealth.
Research shows that, compared with other financial institutions, MDIs originate a greater share of mortgages to borrowers of color.* 
They also originate a greater share of small business loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration to entrepreneurs of color 
than other financial institutions.
But since 2001, the number of Black-owned and operated banks has declined by more than half.** As of September 2021, there were 
only 20 Black banking institutions, and only one of them held more than $1 billion of assets.*** 
One of the four goals of Action for Racial Equity is expanding banking and access to credit in communities of color, in part through 
collaboration with MDIs. During Citi focus groups with Black MDIs, leaders overwhelmingly prioritized access to capital and capacity-
building investments to grow their revenue and operations, which would enable the MDIs to diversify products and expand services.
Our collaboration with Unity National Bank is just one example of how we’re offering expertise and guidance to MDIs. We have 
supported growth capital opportunities for Unity by providing an equity investment and inviting Unity in on select project-based 
affordable housing lending opportunities, including a loan for 381 affordable housing units in Texas.
We also onboarded Unity on the Bridge built by Citi
SM platform to help expand their customer base, and we have enabled Unity to gain 
contract-based revenue as a subcontractor on existing Citi federal business lines. In order to help Unity prepare for long-term growth, 
we’re collaborating on shared media and client conversations and supporting talent acquisition by exposing high-achieving students of 
color to banking as a career. Further, pro bono technical assistance delivered in collaboration with Deloitte and the National Bankers 
Association is helping Unity to strengthen access to talent pipeline development initiatives and corporate board seats.
In 2021, we doubled down on our collaboration with Unity by piloting the Citi Rotational Program, which embedded a Citi executive 
at Unity with the mandate of supporting revenue generation through the New Markets Tax Credit Program and expanding their 
affordable housing work.
Lack of wealth generation opportunities and access to 
affordable housing continue to plague Black and Brown 
communities, and our mission is to create equitable access 
to capital to help fill that void. We’re thrilled to have the 
continued support and partnership of Citi, including their 
equity investment and embedded senior counsel, to help grow 
our business. Together, we can find more opportunities to drive 
economic value and impact in the communities we serve.” 
DR. KASE LAWAL, 
CHAIRMAN, UNITY NATIONAL BANK
“
*	Federal	Deposit	Insurance	Corporation,	“2019	Minority	Depository	Institutions:	Structure,	Performance,	and	Social	Impact.”		
**	Federal	Deposit	Insurance	Corporation,	“Minority	Depository	Institutions	List,	Historical	Data	Year-by-Year	2001-2020.”	
***	Federal	Deposit	Insurance	Corporation,	“Minority	Depository	Institutions	List,	Fourth	Quarter	2020.”	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
69
