Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Index
This index was prepared in accordance with Industry Standards Version 2018-10 issued by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB). The 
disclosures below relate to three sector standards aligned to our mix of businesses: Commercial Banks, Consumer Finance and Investment Banking & Brokerage. 
Unless otherwise noted, data and descriptions apply to our entire company, not just the businesses relevant to that sector. We do not yet disclose all metrics 
included in the sector standards, but we will continue to evaluate their relevance to our business and our ability to improve, and we will consider increasing the 
number of metrics we include in the future. All data is as of and for the year ended Dec. 31, 2021, unless otherwise noted.
COMMERCIAL BANKS
Topic
Accounting Metric
Category
Code
Report Section or Other Documentation
Data 
Security
(1) Number of data breaches, (2) 
percentage involving personally 
identifiable information (PII), 
(3) number of account holders 
affected
Quantitative
FN-CB-
230a.1
Citi has a robust program that addresses the cybersecurity life cycle of 
preparedness and prevention, detection, response, mitigation, lessons learned 
and training. Cybersecurity incidents, including any data breaches, are 
reported to consumers, regulators, business partners and others as legally 
required and otherwise appropriate. For security reasons, Citi generally 
does not publicly reveal further details regarding the security incidents 
we may encounter in a particular year. Citi provides a general discussion of 
cybersecurity incidents with regard to Operational Risk in its 10-K.
• 2021 10-K pages 52 and 115-116
Description of approach to 
identifying and addressing data 
security risks
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-CB-
230a.2
• Risk Management > Safeguarding Data and Protecting Customer  
Information
Financial 
Inclusion &
Capacity 
Building
(1) Number and (2) amount of 
loans outstanding qualified to 
programs designed to promote 
small business and community 
development
Quantitative
FN-CB-
240a.1
Citi engages in community development efforts by equity investment 
through the Citi Impact Fund and financing affordable housing and 
community development projects through our Citi Community Capital 
group. Key statistics and the impacts of these efforts as well as activity to 
support small business lending can be found in our 2021 Environmental, 
Social and Governance (ESG) Report. 
• Equitable and Resilient Communities > Investing in Our Communities: 
2021 Highlights
• Our Commitment to Social Finance
• Action for Racial Equity
• Citi Impact Fund
• COVID-19 Relief and Recovery
• Affordable Housing
• Strategic Philanthropy
• Citi Community Capital Website 
(1) Number and (2) amount of 
past due and nonaccrual loans 
qualified to programs designed 
to promote small business and 
community development
Quantitative
FN-CB-
240a.2
Citi does not report this information.
Number of no-cost retail 
checking accounts provided 
to previously unbanked or 
underbanked customers 
Quantitative
FN-CB-
240a.3
In 2014, Citi launched the Access Account — a simple, checkless bank 
account with low or no monthly fees and no overdraft fees, which provides 
customers with a straightforward way to save money and manage their 
finances. As of Dec. 31, 2021, there were 336,677 active Access checking 
accounts. This figure excludes high-yield savings accounts. On Feb. 24, 
2022, Citi announced plans to eliminate overdraft fees, returned item fees 
and overdraft protection fees by mid-2022, representing the Company’s 
continued commitment to expand access to inclusive banking products 
and services that can help advance economic progress, especially for 
underbanked and unbanked communities. In addition to eliminating these 
fees, Citi will continue to offer a robust suite of free overdraft protection 
services for its consumers. Citi does not track if account holders were 
formerly unbanked/underbanked.
• Risk Management > Eliminating Overdraft Fees for Our Customers’  
Financial Wellness
• Access Account webpage
• Citi Retail Banking Overdraft Fees Change
Number of participants in 
financial literacy initiatives for 
unbanked, underbanked, or 
underserved customers
Quantitative
FN-CB-
240a.4
Our efforts to support underbanked individuals and small businesses are 
discussed in our 2021 ESG Report. 
• Our Commitment to Social Finance
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
150
