Strategic	Philanthropy
Through strategic grant-making 
efforts, the Citi Foundation 
promotes economic progress in 
low-income communities around 
the world, focusing in particular 
on programs that increase 
financial inclusion, catalyze job 
opportunities for youth, and 
reimagine approaches to building 
economically vibrant communities. 
The	Citi	Foundation’s	“More	than	
Philanthropy”	approach	leverages	the	
expertise	of	Citi	and	its	people	to	fulfill	our	
mission	and	drive	thought	leadership	and	
innovation.
Pathways	to	Progress,	one	of	Citi	and	the	
Citi	Foundation’s	flagship	initiatives,	aims	
to	equip	young	people	—	particularly	those	
from	underserved	communities	—	with	the	
skills	and	networks	they	need	to	succeed	in	
today’s	rapidly	changing	economy.
Between	the	program’s	launch	in	2014	
and	the	end	of	2021,	the	Citi	Foundation	
invested	more	than	$275	million	in	work-
force	preparation	globally.		
Through	the	Pathways	to	Progress	initia-
tive,	Citi	and	the	Citi	Foundation	support	
SDG target 8.6,	which	aims	to	substan-
tially reduce the proportion of youth not 
in employment, education or training.		
SDG Goal 8: Decent Work and Economic 
Pathways to Progress
Europe, Middle East and Africa 
PARTNER: PresenTense
PROGRAM: Hamakpetza
GEOGRAPHY: Israel
Through the Hamakpetza program, Citi Foundation 
and PresenTense support young members of 
the LGBTQ+ community in partnership with 
the Jerusalem Open House for Pride and Tolerance. This first-of-its-kind 
entrepreneurship program provides participants with guidance and mentorship 
from leading business experts and exposure to successful global and local tech 
companies, connecting them with the resources they need to develop their 
entrepreneurial ventures.
Asia Pacific
PARTNER: Philippine Business for Education
PROGRAM: First Future 2.0 Program 
GEOGRAPHY: Philippines 
The First Future 2.0 Program aims to train entry-
level employees, particularly those with a K-12 
diploma, to progress in the workplace and land 
meaningful jobs in the areas of information technology, business process 
outsourcing, finance and retail. Last year, in partnership with the Technical 
Education and Skills Development Authority and University of the Philippines 
– Open University, the program helped more than 1,000 youth develop their 
professional skill sets through leadership and management courses, as well 
as technical trainings to improve customer service skills.
North America
PARTNER: Rise Asset Development
PROGRAM: EnterpRISEing Youth+
GEOGRAPHY: Canada
In Canada, Citi Foundation works with Rise Asset 
Development to support young people experiencing 
mental health and other challenges, offering them 
opportunities to explore jobs and careers outside of the traditional corporate 
sector. Through the EnterpRISEing Youth+ program, Canadian youth can 
access a flexible online learning platform with virtual business coaching 
and peer support, helping them to develop their entrepreneurial skills and 
improve their professional, personal and financial well-being. With over 60% 
of participants being young people of color, the program aims to help empower 
the next generation of diverse entrepreneurs in Canada.
Latin America and the Caribbean
PARTNER: Organization of  
American States
PROGRAM: Creating a Career Path  
in Cyber Security
GEOGRAPHY: Argentina, Colombia,  
 
Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Peru
Through the Creating a Career Path in Cyber 
Security initiative, the Citi Foundation and the Organization of American 
States are preparing youth in Latin America for in-demand, high-paying jobs 
in the technology sector. In 2021, the partnership empowered more than 
200 youth across the region, providing them with the training needed to be 
certified as cybersecurity experts and connecting them to job opportunities. 
In addition to training, select students are able to complete an apprenticeship 
program with the Computer Security Incident Response Team Americas. 
Program participants have gone on to create their own technology consulting 
businesses or find positions with government agencies.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
78
