Citi	Personal	Banking	&	Wealth	
Management	and	our	Risk	and	Controls	
group	each	piloted	advocacy	programs	for	
underrepresented	talent	in	2021,	pairing	
participants	with	senior	leaders	to	offer	
career	advice	and	support.	Black	Leaders	
for	Tomorrow,	an	initiative	within	the	
Institutional	Clients	Group,	also	offers	an	
Advocacy	program	for	Black	directors.	
More	than	600	Black	employees	each	year	
participate	in	one	of	five	programs	offered	
through	Black	Leaders	for	Tomorrow.
We	also	launched	the	Black	Managing	
Director	Engagement	initiative,	a	quar-
terly	small	group	gathering	of	Executive	
Management	Team	members	and	Black	
Managing	Directors	who	get	to	know	each	
other,	share	ideas	on	ways	to	enhance	Citi’s	
strategy	and	discuss	opportunities	for	
personal	and	professional	growth.	
Our	Role-Based	Assessment	Program,	
meanwhile,	focuses	on	building	a	robust	
succession	plan	for	our	Black	and	women	
leaders.	The	career	development	program	
includes	executive	assessment	and	coach-
ing.	In	2021,	31	high-performing	Black	and	
women	Managing	Directors	and	Directors	
were	selected	for	the	program.	
We	provide	a	range	of	internal	development	
and	rotational	programs	for	leaders	at	all	
levels,	and	we	continued	to	evolve	our	learn-
ing	programs	to	meet	new	needs.	Our	Citi	
Women’s	Leadership	Development	Program	
was	held	remotely	in	2021,	bringing	together	
a	group	of	Senior	Vice	Presidents	and	
Directors	from	around	the	world	to	network	
and	develop	leadership	skills.
In	Latin	America,	our	Women’s	Virtual	
Development	Program	continues	to	be	one	
of	our	most	valued	in	the	region,	with	more	
than	1,600	participants	in	2021.	Across	
Asia	Pacific,	780	participants	joined	one	of	
four	programs	supporting	women	as	they	
transition	to	more	senior	roles.	And	in	Europe,	
for	our	“reverse	mentoring”	program,	we	
paired	senior	leaders	from	the	region	with	
junior	mentors	from	the	LGBTQ+	community.	
The	goal	of	the	program,	which	was	subse-
quently	rolled	out	in	Latin	America,	Asia	
Pacific	and	the	United	States,	was	to	educate	
the	mentees	about	the	lived	experience	of	
their	LGBTQ+	colleagues.
To	better	support	our	colleagues	with	
disabilities,	we	made	enhancements	to	
our	tools	and	resources	to	build	a	more	
inclusive	workplace,	including	a	strong	
team	of	doctors,	digital	accessibility	
experts	and	accommodations	specialists.	
The	Global	Consumer	Technology	team	
launched	a	partnership	with	Neurodiverse	
Solutions	(formerly	Autism2Work),	and	in	
May	2021,	the	team	added	five	contractors	
who	have	autism	spectrum	disorder,	or	
ASD,	to	the	Global	Consumer	Bank	ATM	
team	based	in	our	Florence,	Kentucky,	
ATM	Lab.	After	seeing	such	strong	results	
in	just	six	months,	the	Neurodiverse	
Solutions	program	has	expanded	across	
Citi	with	12	contractors	and	plans	to	
grow	the	team	to	50	contractors	by	
the	end	of	2022.	Citi	recently	began	a	
partnership	with	Disability:IN,	a	global	
nonprofit	resource	for	disability	inclusion.	
Disability:IN	partners	with	over	400	
companies	worldwide	with	the	vision	to	
create	an	inclusive	global	economy	where	
people	with	disabilities	participate	fully	
and	meaningfully.
PARTNERSHIP WITH THE EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP COUNCIL 
We invest in career development and planning for diverse talent through 
mentorship, networking, rotational programs and partnerships, such as our 
longstanding relationship with The Executive Leadership Council (ELC). In 
2021, we signed a million-dollar, multiyear agreement with ELC to enhance our 
investment in Black leadership and establish a cohesive development journey 
and continuum for Citi’s Black leaders. Through this partnership, Citi plans 
to help develop 850 mid- to senior-level employees over three years. The 
program is focused on Black colleagues at the Assistant Vice President through 
Managing Director levels who are tapped for further development at Citi. 
The intent is to invest in their continued professional growth and mobility by 
providing personalized coaching and greater exposure to senior-level leaders.
The Black Women at Citi Power Panel, presented by Black Women at Citi and Citi Inspires, 
was a successful hybrid event in 2021, with 3,300 colleagues tuning in. A panel of senior 
Black women at the firm discussed mental health, work/life balance, self-advocacy, building 
community, sponsorship and career development. Following the panel, our Chief Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion Officer and Global Head of Talent, Erika Irish Brown, hosted a fireside 
chat with Grammy-award winner Gladys Knight. 
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
88
