Letter	from	Our	CEO
As	I	write	this	note	in	late	April,	a	war	is	raging	
in	Ukraine	with	significant	global	ramifications.
From	the	beginning,	we	have	prioritized	the	
humanitarian	crisis,	doing	everything	we	can	
to	help	the	people	in	Ukraine,	including	our	
own	colleagues,	whilst	keeping	our	business	
there	operating	so	we	can	support	critical	
supply	chains	and	the	NGOs	delivering	essen-
tial	aid.	We	are	also	helping	our	multinational	
clients	who	have	decided	to	wind	down	their	
business	in	Russia.
Although	it	might	be	too	early	to	predict	the	
war’s	long-term	impact	on	the	world	order,	it’s	
not	too	soon	to	begin	asking	what	it	means	for	
the	issues	at	the	heart	of	our	ESG	agenda	—	and	
the	ESG	agendas	of	so	many	other	companies.
I	recently	returned	from	seeing	clients	in	Europe	
and	the	Middle	East,	and	it	is	security	—	be	it	
energy,	food,	defense,	cyber	or	operational	—	
that’s	now	consuming	their	attention.	The	
challenges	facing	our	society	have	not	only	
reinforced	the	need	for	businesses	such	as	Citi	
to	step	up,	but	also	the	critical	importance	of	
collaboration	on	a	global	scale.
Consider	the	climate	crisis.	At	Citi,	we’ve	been	
proud	to	play	a	leading	role	in	our	industry’s	
drive	to	a	more	sustainable	future,	and	in	
recent	months,	we	released	our	initial	plan	for	
reaching	net	zero	emissions	by	2050.	But	
Russia’s	role	as	a	major	energy	producer	is	
forcing	governments	to	reevaluate	their	
energy	security	and	supply.	Ultimately,	
combating	climate	change	cannot	be	done	by	
any	company	or	country	alone;	we	need	
businesses	making	the	right	investments	to	
achieve	the	necessary	shift	in	supply,	and	
consumers	joining	companies	in	advocating	
for	governments	to	create	the	policy	frame-
works	that	will	be	essential	to	stimulating	
demand	for	clean	technologies	and	providing	
the	foundation	for	the	clean	energy	transition.	
This	tension,	of	course,	is	not	new.	While	
Citi	plays	an	enabling	role	in	the	transition	
to	a	net	zero	economy,	we	understand	that	
it	cannot	occur	overnight.	We	have	to	be	
thoughtful	with	the	transition,	meeting	our	
clients	where	they	are	in	their	efforts,	and	
then	helping	and	pushing	them	to	accelerate	
their	low-carbon	transitions.	
Similarly,	our	efforts	to	expand	financial	
access	and	opportunity	have	also	gained	new	
urgency.	We	have	engaged	every	level	of	our	
business	to	think	and	act	in	support	of	equity	
and	the	goal	of	helping	close	the	racial	wealth	
gap	and	increase	economic	mobility	in	the	
United	States.	In	order	to	effectively	do	this	
work	and	serve	our	clients	and	communities,	
we’ve	set	—	and	recently	exceeded	—	talent	
representation	goals	to	further	diversify	our	
own	workforce	and	make	progress	toward	pay	
equity	at	Citi.	
We	also	continue	to	advance	financial	inclusion	
in	underserved	communities	globally,	expanding	
the	scope	of	our	work	to	areas	such	as	health-
care,	education,	affordable	housing	and	basic	
infrastructure.	These	efforts	have	become	
even	more	important	amidst	surging	inflation	
and	an	emerging	global	food	crisis	that	could	
be	devastating	for	the	world’s	poorest	coun-
tries,	which	import	much	of	their	food	and	
where	households	spend	more	than	half	of	
their	income	on	food.
There	are,	of	course,	lessons	to	learn	and		
apply	to	these	challenges,	particularly	from	the	
pandemic.	COVID-19’s	disregard	for	borders	
underscored	the	interconnectedness	of	society.	
It	also	reminded	us	that	global	challenges	
demand	a	global,	collective	response.	As	the	
world	becomes	more	fragmented,	it	is	even	
more	important	for	our	global	community	of	
business	to	come	together	to	confront	the	big	
challenges	of	our	time.
At	Citi,	this	sense	of	responsibility	is	something	
that	continues	to	shape	our	decisions,	business	
strategy,	and	firm-wide	goals	and	commit-
ments.	We	continue	to	be	focused	on	action	
and	partnering	with	like-minded	organizations	
that	are	also	doing	the	work.	And	for	us,	it’s	
not	just	about	the	big	numbers;	it’s	the	small	
number	—	helping	society	get	closer	to	zero.	
Zero	carbon	emissions.	Zero	wealth	gap.		
Zero	pay	gap.	Zero	poverty.	Some	might	say	
this	is	idealistic,	but	having	ambitious	goals		
is	what	helps	us	make	meaningful	progress.	
And	it’s	going	to	take	all	of	us,	working	
together,	to	make	sure	we	continue	to	go	in	
the	right	direction.	
I	invite	you	to	learn	more	about	these	initiatives	
in	the	pages	that	follow.	Our	ESG	agenda	is	not	
a	separate	layer	that	sits	above	what	we	do	
day-to-day.	It	is	an	effort	that	we	began	at	Citi	
many	years	ago	that	has	become	core	to	who	
we	are	as	a	company	and	our	daily	worth	as	a	
bank.	While	our	efforts	will	continue	to	evolve	to	
reflect	new	global	challenges,	our	commitment	
to	transparency	and	accountability	will	remain	
constant.	We	will	continue	to	share	our	progress	
and	lessons	learned,	and	we	will	continue	to	
innovate	and	push	to	use	our	core	capabilities,	
expertise	and	talent	to	lead	by	example	and	
demonstrate	how	Citi	is	truly	a	bank	with	a		
brain	and	a	soul.
JANE FRASER	
Chief	Executive	Officer
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress 
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
5
