Our Net Zero 
Commitment
In	2021,	we	announced	our	commitment	
to	net	zero	greenhouse	gas	(GHG)	
emissions	by	2050,	in	alignment	with	
the	objectives	of	the	Paris	Agreement	
and	prevailing	climate	science.	Reducing	
Scope	3	financed	emissions1	is	widely	
recognized	as	the	most	significant	
contribution	the	financial	industry	can	
have	to	achieving	a	low-carbon	economy.	
Our	commitment	will	include	interim	
financed	emissions	reduction	targets	for	
carbon-intensive	sectors,	as	described	by	
the	UN	Environment	Programme	Finance	
Initiative	(UNEP	FI)	Guidelines	for	Climate	
Target	Setting	for	Banks.	To	date,	we	have	
set	2030	emissions	targets	for	our	Energy	
and	Power	loan	portfolios.	
For	our	own	operations,	we	are	targeting	
net	zero	GHG	emissions	by	2030,	which	
builds	on	our	environmental	footprint	
goals	and	the	100%	renewable	electricity	
goal	that	we	achieved	in	2020.	(Learn	
more	in	the	Sustainable	Operations	
section.)
The	approach	and	activities	related	to	our	
net	zero	commitment	are	distinct	from	our	
management	of	climate	risk	for	our	firm.	
While	our	net	zero	commitment	is	keenly	
focused	on	Citi’s	impacts	on	the	climate	
and	reducing	GHG	emissions	to	net	zero	
across	our	value	chain,	our	climate	risk	
management	efforts	are	focused	on	Citi’s	
safety	and	soundness,	and	thus	on	the	
integration	of	climate	risk	into	our	risk	
management	governance,	processes	and	
strategies.	Although	these	two	priorities	
differ	in	their	primary	focus,	they	are	
related	to	and	reinforce	each	other,	leading	
to	mutual	benefits.	As	we	execute	on	
our	net	zero	commitment,	the	resulting	
reduction	in	financed	emissions	will	help	to	
reduce	our	climate	transition	risk.		
Citi’s	net	zero	ambition	builds	on	our	
commitment	to	the	UNEP	FI	Principles	for	
Responsible	Banking,	our	leadership	in	
climate	disclosure	in	alignment	with	the	
TCFD	and	our	ESRM	Policy	—	specifically	
our	Sector	Approaches	related	to	fossil	
fuels.	Transparency	and	accountability	are	
keys	to	success,	and	we	will	report	annu-
ally	on	our	net	zero	progress.	
Our	commitment	to	net	zero	is	significant,	
given	the	size	and	breadth	of	our	
portfolios	and	businesses.	To	achieve	it,	
we	must	meet	our	clients	where	they	are	
in	their	sustainability	journeys	and	help	
accelerate	their	progress	in	this	area.	We	
will	work	with	all	our	clients,	including	our	
fossil	fuel	clients,	to	develop	credible	plans	
that	include	the	responsible	retirement	of	
carbon-intensive	assets	as	we	transition	
to	net	zero	together.	We	will	prioritize	
partnering	with	clients	on	transition	
strategies,	and	exiting	client	relationships	
is	a	last	resort.	
Banks	are	facing	growing	pressure	to	
divest	from	fossil	fuels.	In	some	instances,	
such	as	thermal	coal	mining,	where	there	
is	credit	risk	from	stranded	assets	in	
addition	to	climate	risk,	we	have	already	
established	a	transparent	time	frame	for	
our	transition	expectations.	However,	
we	are	cognizant	that	large-scale,	rapid	
divestment	could	result	in	an	abrupt	and	
disorderly	transition	to	a	low-carbon	
economy,	creating	both	economic	and	
social	upheaval	on	a	global	scale.	For	
example,	certain	carbon-intensive	compa-
nies	may	play	critical	roles	in	channeling	
the	necessary	capital	expenditures	and	
providing	the	raw	materials	to	support	
new	climate	technologies	or	may	provide	
necessary	baseload	power	for	developing	
countries.	
An	orderly,	responsible	and	equitable	
transition,	which	accounts	for	the	imme-
diate	economic	needs	of	communities	and	
workers	as	well	as	environmental	justice	
and	broader	economic	development	
concerns,	is	essential	to	retaining	polit-
ical	and	social	support	for	the	shift	to	a	
low-carbon	economy.	Under	the	goals	of	
our	net	zero	plan,	we	seek	to	balance	these	
needs	to	facilitate	this	complex	transition.	
Initial Net Zero Plan
We	released	our	initial	net	zero	plans	for	
our	Energy	and	Power	loan	portfolios	in	
our	2021	TCFD	Report.	The	plans	for	these	
portfolios	build	upon	the	calculation	of	
our	financed	emissions	and	the	setting	of	
interim	2030	emissions	reduction	targets	
for	these	sectors.	Our	net	zero	plan	
incorporates	a	twofold	approach:	assess-
ment	of	our	clients’	climate	profiles	and	
engagement	to	understand	their	transition	
opportunities.	Additionally,	we	will	employ	
a	number	of	tools,	phased	in	over	time,	
to	help	move	these	portfolios	toward	our	
2030	targets.	Underlying	the	implementa-
tion	of	this	plan	is	Citi’s	continued	effort	to	
expand	our	climate-related	resources	and	
engage	directly	with	our	clients.
1.	Financed	emissions	are	the	GHG	emissions	generated	by	the	operations	and	entities	that	financial	institutions	lend	money	to	or	invest	in.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
38
