If a transaction impacts any of the following Areas of 
High Caution, ESRM will conduct enhanced due diligence
The ESRM team reviews transactions subject to policy 
and benchmarks against relevant industry standards/
best practice, identifying opportunities for improvement 
and engagement.
Environmental 
and Social Risk 
Management 
Our	Environmental	and	Social	Risk	
Management	(ESRM)	Policy	helps	us	
identify	potential	risks	within	the	billions	of	
dollars	in	global	transactions	we	facilitate	
worldwide.	This	policy	also	sets	a	frame-
work	for	us	to	evaluate	how	our	clients	are	
managing	those	risks.
Our ESRM Policy
Our	ESRM	Policy,	which	is	summarized	
publicly	in	our	Environmental	and	Social	
Policy	Framework,	helps	us	finance	
projects	and	activities	responsibly	by	
engaging	our	clients	on	environmental	
and	social	risks	and	best	practices.	We	
established	the	Policy	in	2003,	and	
we	continue	to	evolve	our	approach	in	
response	to	emerging	risks	and	new	
product	development.	In	2021,	we	
updated	our	ESRM	Policy	by	adding	a	
policy	prohibition	against	financing	for	
companies	constructing	or	operating	
private	prisons	as	a	primary	business.	
Although	this	has	not	been	an	issue	for	
our	company	in	the	past,	we	decided	to	
formalize	this	commitment	through	an	
official	policy	update.	
Our	comprehensive	ESRM	Policy	covers	
a	broad	scope	of	financial	products	and	
client	sectors	and	guides	how	we	assess	
client	impacts	on	air	quality,	water	
quality,	climate	change,	biodiversity,	local	
communities,	labor,	human	rights	and	
other	environmental	and	social	issues.	
Our	internal	policies	and	procedures	
reference	international	industry	stan-
dards,	such	as	the	International	Finance	
Corporation’s	Environmental	and	Social	
Performance	Standards	and	the	World	
Bank	Group’s	Environmental,	Health,	and	
Safety	Guidelines.	Where	relevant,	we	
also	require	clients	to	adhere	to	sector	
and	commodity-specific	guidelines	and	
certifications	such	as	the	Roundtable	
on	Sustainable	Palm	Oil	and	the	Forest	
Stewardship	Council.
Citi’s ESRM Policy at a Glance
ESRM Policy objective: Effectively assess and manage the 
environmental and social risks associated with financing 
client activities in sectors with sensitive environmental 
and social impacts. A transaction or client relationship may 
trigger the ESRM Policy for three reasons:
Citi’s ESRM Sector Approaches apply sector-specific  
review requirements for certain clients in sensitive sectors
Citi’s ESRM Policy also includes a number of prohibitions 
for highest concern environmental and social risks. Refer 
to the ESRM section of Citi’s Environmental and Social 
Policy Framework for more information.
Transactions with use of proceeds directed to a specific 
physical asset or project
Clients in sectors considered particularly high risk by Citi
Clients/transactions with impacts to an Area of High Caution
1
2
3
Coal Mining
Oil & Gas
Military 
Equipment
Mining
Palm Oil
Coal-Fired 
Power
Forestry
Firearms
• Conflict risk
• Indigenous rights
• Critical habitat and cultural heritage 
• Human rights, including environmental justice
• Involuntary resettlement
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
115
