Engagement 
Engagement	with	our	stakeholders,	clients	
and	industry	experts	helps	us	to	stay	
current	in	our	understanding	of	this	critical	
and	evolving	area	of	impact,	to	strengthen	
our	management	and	analysis	of	climate	
risk	in	our	portfolio	and	to	advance	prog-
ress	in	this	area	across	industries.
During	2021,	we	hosted	a	stakeholder	
engagement	session,	facilitated	by	Ceres,	
for	clients,	investors	and	nongovernmental	
organizations.	Participants	provided	
input	on	Citi’s	TCFD	disclosures	and	our	
approach	to	setting	net	zero	targets	
and	measuring	our	baseline	emissions.	
Feedback	from	that	session	has	been	
integrated	into	our	2021	TCFD	report	and	
will	guide	our	progress	as	we	continue	to	
develop	our	net	zero	plan.	See	our	2021	
TCFD	Report	for	a	summary	of	key	take-
aways	from	the	session.	
To	advance	progress,	we	have	worked	with	
organizations	such	as	Rocky	Mountain	
Institute’s	Center	for	Climate-Aligned	
Finance.	The	Center	works	with	financial	
institutions	on	identifying	1.5°C-aligned	
emissions	reduction	pathways	for	sectoral	
portfolio	measurement	and	target-setting	
and	developing	credible	institutional	tran-
sition	plans.	In	addition,	Citi	contributed	
to	the	World	Economic	Forum’s	Financing 
the Transition to a Net-Zero Future report.	
The	report	reflects	input	from	financial	
institutions	and	the	public	sector	related	
to	mobilizing	investments	in	breakthrough	
technologies	that	will	facilitate	a	more	
sustainable	future.	
Our	Sustainability	&	Corporate	Transitions	
team	and	Natural	Resources	&	Clean	
Energy	Transition	team	engage	with	
our	clients	to	pursue	opportunities	and	
support	their	efforts	to	transition	to	net	
zero.	Learn	more	in	the	Financing	the	
Low-Carbon	Transition	section.		
See	the	Stakeholder	Engagement	at	Citi	
section	for	additional	examples	of	our	
engagement	efforts	in	2021.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
49
