Using	Our	Corporate	Voice		
to	Drive	Change
At Citi, we believe we can use our 
power as a global bank to effect 
social change, and we continue 
to take a stand on a wide range 
of issues, such as racial and pay 
equity, immigration, gun violence 
and climate change. We also 
believe it’s important to speak 
up and speak out on issues that 
impact our colleagues.
For	example,	in	the	United	States	in	2021,	
there	was	an	alarming	rise	in	bills	proposed	
at	the	state	level	that	would	single	out	
LGBTQ+	individuals	for	exclusion	or	differ-
ential	treatment.	Legislation	promoting	
discrimination	could	negatively	impact	our	
colleagues	and	their	families,	as	well	as	our	
clients,	customers	and	our	business.	In	May,	
Citi	signed	the	Human	Rights	Campaign’s	
Business	Statement	Opposing	Anti-LGBTQ+	
State	Legislation,	reiterating	our	belief	
that	all	people	have	a	fundamental	right	
to	equality	and	our	opposition	to	harmful	
legislation	aimed	at	restricting	the	access	
of	LGBTQ+	people	in	society.		
Citi	has	a	long	history	of	outspoken	advo-
cacy	for	the	LGBTQ+	community.	In	2020,	
Citi	became	the	first	major	bank	to	provide	
transgender	and	nonbinary	customers	with	
the	ability	to	have	account	profiles	and	
credit	cards	that	match	their	chosen	first	
name.	Since	the	initial	launch,	more	than	
18,000	consumers	have	updated	their	Citi	
U.S.	branded	credit	cards	with	their	chosen	
name.	Learn	more	in	the	Serving	Our	
Customers	and	Clients	Responsibly	section.
When	members	of	the	Asian	American	
and	Pacific	Islander	(AAPI)	community	
endured	rising	instances	of	violence	in	
response	to	the	pandemic,	our	Executive	
Management	Team	condemned	the	xeno-
phobia	while	voicing	support	for	our	AAPI	
colleagues	and	the	broader	community.	
We	also	held	internal	listening	sessions	
and	hosted	community	forums	to	show	our	
support	for	our	employees.	Watch	a	public	
service	message	we	produced.	We	hosted	
a	“Hollaback	Bystander	Intervention”	
training,	which	is	designed	to	provide	
colleagues	with	practical	tactics	on	how	to	
intervene	in	a	safe	way	if	they	witness	an	
incident	in	public.	In	2021,	we	hosted	three	
sessions,	and	more	than	500	colleagues	
joined	the	training.	We	plan	to	host	addi-
tional	sessions	in	2022.
We	also	expanded	our	partnership	with	
Ascend,	a	non-profit	organization	focused	
on	professional	development	of	the	AAPI	
community,	and	sponsored	the	Ascend	
National	Convention	week,	which	more	
than	200	colleagues	attended.			
Furthermore,	Citi	was	one	of	many	U.S.	
businesses	that	condemned	efforts	in	
2021	to	restrict	voting	access	in	the	state	
of	Georgia.	We	opposed	voting	restriction	
laws	because	we	believed	it	would	“under-
mine	the	ability	of	Americans	to	avail	
themselves	of	this	fundamental	right.”
For 17 consecutive years, Citi 
has received a perfect score on 
the Human Rights Campaign 
Foundation’s Corporate Equality 
Index, a national survey that 
benchmarks corporate policies 
and practices for LGBTQ+ 
workplace quality.
MARKING HOLIDAYS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Starting in 2022, we have a new paid holiday for U.S. employees: Juneteenth 
Day, a federal holiday that marks the end of slavery. We also had the 
opportunity to be more inclusive and acknowledge Indigenous Peoples Day in 
addition to Columbus Day. In 2020, Citi implemented one additional floating 
holiday called Heritage Day, which employees can take at any time to honor a 
day of personal signficance.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
97
