Client Engagement
Our	ESRM	team	is	collaborating	with	our	
Sustainability	and	Corporate	Transitions	
team	to	engage	with	clients	working	to	
transition	toward	more	sustainable	strat-
egies	and	business	models.	This	provides	
opportunities	for	in-depth	discussions	of	
specific	sustainability	topics,	identifies	ways	
of	proactively	mitigating	environmental	and	
social	risks,	and	supports	our	clients	in	their	
efforts	to	align	with	international	standards	
and	benchmarks.	For	example,	during	an	
engagement	with	mining	clients	in	2021,	our	
ESRM	team	provided	insight	and	analysis	
related	to	the	sustainable	finance	market	
and	the	challenges	and	opportunities	for	
mining	companies	related	to	environmental	
and	social	risk.	The	breadth	and	depth	of	our	
ESRM	team’s	knowledge	in	these	areas	is	a	
valuable	tool	to	help	us	assess	new	trans-
actions	and	to	guide	and	advise	our	clients	
as	we	work	toward	achieving	our	net	zero	
commitment.	For	more	information	about	
the	work	Citi	is	doing	to	help	clients	transi-
tion	to	a	low-carbon	future,	see	the	Financing	
the	Low-Carbon	Transition	section.	
Industry Collaboration
We	participate	in	many	environmentally	
and	socially	focused	initiatives	and	orga-
nizations,	such	as	the	Equator	Principles	
Association	and	the	Roundtable	on	
Sustainable	Palm	Oil.	
Citi	is	also	a	member	of	the	Taskforce	
on	Nature-related	Financial	Disclosures	
(TNFD)	Forum.	We	participated	in	an	
informal	working	group	prior	to	the	official	
launch	of	the	Taskforce	to	develop	the	
TNFD’s	workplan	for	creating	a	comple-
mentary	framework	to	the	Task	Force	on	
Climate-related	Financial	Disclosures,	but	
with	a	focus	on	reporting	nature-related	
risks	rather	than	climate-related	risks.	
Climate	and	biodiversity	are	intercon-
nected,	and	there	are	increasing	concerns	
that	climate	change,	along	with	other	
human	activity,	has	stressed	natural	
systems	and	contributed	to	ongoing	
extinction	events.1	Through	our	collabora-
tion	with	TNFD,	we	are	able	to	contribute	
to	important	nature-related	reporting	
standards	and	continue	to	refine	our	
understanding	of	the	complex	interaction	
of	climate	and	biodiversity	and	our	
connection	with	those	impacts	through	our	
financial	relationships	with	our	clients.
ESRM Training 
Each	year,	we	train	key	risk	and	banking	
personnel	on	our	ESRM	Policy	to	help	them	
identify	triggers	for	engagement	with	
our	ESRM	specialist	team.	Topics	include	
environmental	and	social	risks	relevant	
to	certain	regions	and	sectors,	implemen-
tation	of	the	Equator	Principles	and	Citi’s	
Sector	Approaches,	as	well	as	specific	
topics	such	as	human	rights,	biodiversity	
and	emerging	climate	risk	analysis.	Due	to	
increased	focus	from	key	stakeholders	in	
ESG	issues,	more	bankers	across	our	firm	
are	receiving	ESRM	training,	which	enables	
them	to	spot	potential	risks	and	engage	
with	our	ESRM	team	more	effectively.	In	
total,	950	Citi	employees	underwent	ESRM	
training	during	2021,	significantly	more	than	
in	2020.	All	training	in	2021	was	conducted	
on	live	webinars	for	employees	globally.	
1.	See	Anthony	D.	Barnosky	et	al.,	Has the Earth’s Sixth Mass Extinction ...,	471	NATURE	51,	51	(2011);	Gerardo	Ceballos	et	al.,	Vertebrates on the Brink ...,	117	(24)	PNAS	13596	(2020);
Belinda	Reyers	&	Elizabeth	R.	Selig,	Global Targets that Reveal ...,	4	NATURE	ECOLOGY	&	EVOLUTION	1011	(2020).
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
118
