Beyond	Earth	Day,	employees	across	the	
company	also	contribute	to	sustainability	
initiatives	as	a	part	of	their	regular	
work	responsibilities.	For	example,	many	
of	our	employees	have	sustainability-
related	responsibilities	as	part	of	their	
day-to-day	work,	such	as	those	involved	
in	our	climate	risk,	environmental	and	
social	risk	management	and	low-carbon	
transition	efforts.
Efficient Travel 
Options
Due	to	COVID-19,	employee	commuting	
and	business	travel	has	dropped	signifi-
cantly	since	2019.	For	many	years,	we	have	
encouraged	employees	to	use	video	and	
web	conferencing	technologies	rather	than	
traveling,	whenever	possible.	With	the	
onset	of	the	global	pandemic,	we	quickly	
transitioned	the	entire	company	to	adopt	
use	of	these	platforms	for	their	daily	
interactions.	As	our	employees	return	to	
the	office,	we	are	relying	on	the	efficiency	
efforts	we	had	in	place	before	the	onset	of	
COVID-19.	For	instance,	many	of	our	offices	
are	centrally	located	near	public	transpor-
tation,	which	reduces	the	need	for	employ-
ees	to	drive	to	work,	and	we	provide	U.S.-
based	employees	pretax	dollars	to	cover	
the	cost	of	commuting	by	subway,	bus,	
train,	ferry	and	vanpool.	We	also	offer	bike	
storage	and	bike	racks	at	several	facilities	
and	sponsor	bike	share	programs,	known	
as	the	Citi	Bike®	Program,	in	New	York	
City,	Jersey	City	and	Miami.	At	our	car	
park	in	the	Citigroup	Centre	in	London,	we	
offer	a	dozen	charging	stations	for	those	
driving	electric	vehicles.
Due	to	our	global	scale,	we	often	need	to	
meet	with	clients,	partners,	teams	and	
other	stakeholders	across	the	world.	Now	
that	many	colleagues	across	the	firm	have	
started	traveling	again,	we	are	working	to	
build	awareness	for	how	business	travel	
impacts	our	carbon	footprint.	For	example,	
when	employees	book	travel	reservations,	
they	are	able	to	see	the	emissions	data	
related	to	their	air	travel.	We	plan	to	
include	emissions	data	for	rail	travel,	
hotels	and	rental	cars	in	the	future.		
Managing Climate Risk 
in Our Operations
The	effects	of	climate	change,	particularly	
extreme	weather	events,	pose	a	potential	
risk	to	our	operations.	Our	Citi	Realty	
Services	(CRS)	Group	and	our	Crisis	
Management	and	Business	Continuity	
teams	help	us	to	monitor,	prepare	for	
and	respond	to	extreme	weather	events	
or	other	disruptions	to	our	operations.	
In	addition,	CRS	conducts	due	diligence	
for	each	proposed	new	location	and	
reassesses	the	properties’	structural	
resilience	periodically,	based	on	risk,	as	
well	as	following	significant	events.	These	
assessments	take	internal	Citi	standards,	
as	well	as	local	and	international	codes,	
into	account.	
Because	Citi	operates	in	nearly	100	
countries,	our	facilities	could	potentially	
be	exposed	to	a	range	of	varied	climate-
related	risks.	To	increase	our	resiliency,	
we	have	invested	in	climate	adaptation	
solutions	in	a	number	of	critical	facilities.	
In	addition,	our	crisis	management	
team	has	developed	action	plans	to	
address	immediate	risks	and	support	our	
employees	and	customers	before,	during	
and	after	adverse	events.	Our	business	
continuity	team	also	has	plans	in	place	to	
help	Citi	resume	business	operations	as	
quickly	as	possible	in	the	aftermath	of	an	
extreme	climate	event.
Transparent Reporting 
of Operational Climate 
Impacts
Citi	reports	our	Scope	1,	Scope	2	and	
Scope	3	GHG	emissions	in	both	this	ESG	
report	and	in	our	CDP	response.	We	began	
reporting	on	the	direct	environmental	
impacts	of	our	operations	in	2002	and	
have	submitted	data	to	CDP	every	year	
since	2003.	We	follow	the	GHG	Protocol	
Corporate	Standard	and	Scope	2	Guidance	
for	measuring	and	reporting	both	market-
based	and	location-based	Scope	1	and	
Scope	2	GHG	emissions.
We	also	report	Scope	3	CO2	emissions	from	
air	and	train	business	travel	in	this	ESG	
report,	and	we	report	Scope	3	electricity	
transmission	loss	and	employee	commut-
ing	data	to	CDP.	In	early	2022,	Citi	received	
the	following	scores	from	CDP	related	to	
2020	data:	
	•
Climate	change	score:	A-	
	•
Supplier	engagement	score:	A	
Our	GHG	emissions	and	environmental	
data	for	our	operations	and	business	travel	
are	verified	and	assured	by	SGS,	a	leading	
third-party	inspection,	verification,	testing	
and	certification	company.	For	our	SGS	
Assurance	Statement,	see	the	Assurance	
section.	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
55
