phase	to	identify	potential	heightened	
environmental	or	social	risks	related	to	
the	client.	Our	policy	prohibits	financing	
any	project	for	which	our	due	diligence	
identifies	the	use	of	forced	labor,	harmful	
or	exploitative	child	labor,	or	when	the	
relevant	labor	forces	have	been	subjected	
to	human	trafficking.	Under	the	ESRM	
Policy,	Citi	screens	for	human	rights	
risks	in	project-related	transactions	and	
clients	subject	to	ESRM	sector-specific	
requirements.	In	addition,	the	ESRM	Policy	
includes	Areas	of	High	Caution,	which	
identify	flags	for	heightened	human	rights	
risk	factors	to	escalate	to	the	specialized	
ESRM	team	for	review	regardless	of	finan-
cial	product	or	sector.
If,	during	our	initial	screening	for	a	trans-
action,	we	find	a	risk	of	adverse	impacts,	
we	conduct	more	in-depth	due	diligence,	
and	we	evaluate	the	client’s	commitment	
and	capacity	to	avoid,	mitigate	and/or	
manage	those	impacts	in	accordance	
with	international	industry	best	practices	
and	human	rights	norms	and	the	client’s	
willingness	to	continuously	improve.	We	
escalate	the	most	challenging	cases	with	
the	highest	potential	for	adverse	impacts	
to	senior	business	and	risk	managers	for	
collective	discussion	on	the	risks	and	the	
client’s	commitment	and	capacity.	In	some	
cases,	senior	management	will	conclude	
that	the	likelihood	for	adverse	impacts	
is	too	great	—	posing	an	imminent	threat	
to	people	or	communities	—	and	we	will	
decline	involvement	in	the	transaction.	In	
severe	circumstances,	where	we	cannot	
otherwise	effectively	influence	different	
human	rights	outcomes	despite	our	best	
efforts	of	sustained	engagement,	we	will	
end	the	client	relationship.	This	is	a	move	
we	take	very	seriously,	since	we	recognize	
that	it	can	have	a	number	of	ramifica-
tions,	including	removing	any	leverage	
we	might	otherwise	have	had	to	improve	
practices	over	time	through	constructive	
engagement.
After	the	financial	close	of	a	transaction	
or	a	client	onboarding	that	was	subject	
to	a	time-bound	environmental	and	social	
action	plan,	we	monitor	the	company’s	
implementation	of	those	actions.	For	
project-related	transactions	this	often	
involves	the	retention	of	an	independent	
environmental	and	social	risk	consultant	
who	periodically	reports	to	lenders	after	
on-the-ground	audits.	In	addition,	for	
non-project	related	transactions	where	
human	rights	risks	have	been	flagged	for	
ongoing	monitoring,	our	ESRM	team	uses	
annual	client	credit	reviews	as	touchpoints	
to	assess	progress	on	human-rights-
related	issues.
Protection of 
Indigenous Rights  
in Latin America 
Citi understands that Indigenous 
Peoples’ distinct identities, 
languages, beliefs, cultural values, 
lands and use of natural resources 
may be under threat, representing 
a higher degree of vulnerability. 
Activities that may impact 
Indigenous People have long been 
acknowledged as an Area of High 
Caution under our ESRM Policy, and 
require enhanced due diligence.  
In 2021, we put additional emphasis 
on the evaluation of our Latin 
American oil and gas clients and 
mining clients during new trans-
actions and annual credit reviews, 
to continue identifying clients 
with operations that may overlap 
Indigenous territories. All clients 
were assessed on their community 
engagement and biodiversity 
management practices. When 
overlap with Indigenous territories 
was identified, Citi engaged clients 
to assess how they incorporated 
free, prior and informed consent 
into their engagement practices 
with Indigenous Peoples.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
131
