LINKING LOANS TO SUSTAINABILITY METRICS 
Diversity & Equity
The investment firm BlackRock has been a vocal leader in encouraging companies 
to set and meet environmental and social sustainability goals. In 2021, BlackRock 
amended its $4.4 billion revolving credit agreement to incorporate certain  
sustainability-linked metrics.
Citi acted as joint lead arranger and co-sustainability structuring agent for the 
5-year sustainability-linked loan that ties BlackRock’s borrowing costs to its ability 
to achieve certain targets for increased representation of women in leadership and 
higher representation of Black and Latinx employees in its U.S. workforce, as well 
as increasing sustainable assets under management. Pursuant to the terms of the 
credit agreement, BlackRock’s applicable borrowing costs are subject to upward or 
downward adjustments on an annual basis if BlackRock achieves, or fails to achieve, 
certain specified targets. The facility reinforces BlackRock’s commitment and 
accountability to achieving certain sustainability goals by integrating a component 
of financial alignment through its liquidity management strategy. 
 
EXPANDING ACCESS TO RELIABLE ENERGY IN KENYA 
Renewable Energy and Affordable Basic Infrastructure
Off-grid solar home systems are a vital way to expand access to reliable energy.  
Citi was the sole coordinator on a $75 million transaction to expand access to off-grid 
solar energy in Kenya. The financing will support Greenlight Planet’s ambitions to 
reach an additional 10 million households in low-income, off-grid communities over  
the next five years. 
Greenlight Planet Kenya is a group company of Greenlight Planet Inc., a leading 
designer, distributor and financier of rooftop solar home systems for off-grid and 
weak-grid homes. Through its network of 200 branches and 8,000 field agents, 
Greenlight sells its Sun King-branded solar energy systems directly to its off-grid 
residential clients and provides “pay-as-you-go” financing to facilitate their purchase. 
To date, the company’s Sun King products have saved customers more than  
$4 billion cumulatively, which would otherwise be used to purchase CO2-emitting  
kerosene lanterns and to charge mobile phones.  
EXPANDING ACCESS TO HEALTHCARE IN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA
Healthcare
mPharma is working to expand access to healthcare across low-income communities in 
sub-Saharan Africa. By optimizing supply chains and increasing efficiencies, mPharma 
is able to bring high-quality, affordable medicines to communities most in need — the 
so-called “last mile” of distribution for pharmaceuticals and vaccines. mPharma also 
provides financing solutions for mom-and-pop pharmacies, clinics and patients in 
underserved areas such as Ghana, Nigeria, Zambia and Kenya. 
Thanks to a line of credit from Citi under Scaling Enterprise, a partnership with the 
U.S. DFC and the Ford Foundation, mPharma will be able to serve more than 2 million 
patients in the countries where it operates. Health clinics that operate with mPharma 
report a decrease of up to 25% in medical-related complications. 
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
24
