Net	zero	involves	rethinking	our	business	
and	helping	our	clients	rethink	theirs.	We	
can	have	the	biggest	impact	by	reducing	
Scope	3	financed	emissions,1	particularly	
for	carbon-intensive	sectors	such	as	
Agriculture,	Aluminum,	Cement,	Coal,	
Commercial	Real	Estate,	Iron	and	Steel,	Oil	
and	Gas,	Power	Generation	and	Transport.	
To	reach	our	net	zero	target,	we	will	need	
to	work	closely	with	our	clients	on	their	
own	transitions.	
Following	our	net	zero	announcement,	
we	formed	an	internal	Net	Zero	Task	
Force	to	help	determine	a	framework,	
scope	and	the	methodologies	to	guide	our	
progress	toward	this	commitment.	For	
our	Energy	and	Power	loan	portfolios,	we	
conducted	an	initial	assessment	of	base-
line	emissions,	set	interim	2030	emissions	
reduction	targets,	and	developed	initial	
transition	plans.	Learn	more	in	the	Climate	
Risk	&	Net	Zero	section	and	in	our	2021	
Task	Force	on	Climate-related	Financial	
Disclosures	(TCFD)	Report:	Citi’s Approach 
to Climate Change and Net Zero. 	
ESG Across  
Our Business
Our	ESG	focus	is	essential	to	our	firm-wide	
business	strategy,	and	many	of	our	busi-
ness	units	have	expanded	their	capacity	
and	capabilities	to	serve	the	growing	
ESG-related	needs	of	our	clients.	Across	
the	firm,	our	business	units	are	prepared	
to	support	and	work	with	our	clients	
through	sustainable	finance,	providing	
a	variety	of	products	and	services	with	
environmental	and/or	social	themes.	
We	have	ESG	specialists	in	Banking,	Capital	
Markets	and	Advisory;	Global	Markets;	
Treasury	and	Trade	Solutions;	and	Citi	
Global	Wealth.	We	have	expanded	our	
global	Social	Finance	specialist	group	and	
formed	new	teams	to	engage	with	clients	
on	ESG	goals	and	targets.	Together,	these	
businesses	contribute	to	our	$1	trillion	
sustainable	finance	commitment.		
ESG Principles  
and Guidelines
In	response	to	the	increasing	need	for	
clients	to	see	how	we	are	addressing	
ESG	—	and	in	step	with	global	best	prac-
tices	—	we	have	aligned	our	reporting	
with	the	frameworks	and	guidance	of	the	
Global	Reporting	Initiative	and	UN	Guiding	
Principles	Reporting	Framework.	We	are	
also	using	three	relevant	sector	standards	
from	the	Sustainability	Accounting	
Standards	Board,	and	we’re	addressing	
the	Principles	for	Responsible	Banking.	
We	also	include	examples	of	our	work	that	
align	with	the	UN	SDGs	and	the	UN	Global	
Compact.	In	addition,	we	recently	released	
our	2021	TCFD	Report,	which	further	
illustrates	how	climate-related	risks	and	
opportunities	are	central	to	our	business.
1.	Financed	emissions	are	the	GHG	emissions	generated	by	the	operations	and	entities	that	financial	institutions	lend	money	to	or	invest	in.	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress 
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
9
