RACIAL EQUITY AUDIT
Measurement and transparency are essential components of our efforts to advance diversity, equity and inclusion both 
at our own bank and through our contributions to our communities and society more broadly. In that spirit, we committed 
to conduct a third-party racial equity audit to assess our efforts to help address the racial wealth gap in the United 
States through the design and implementation of Action for Racial Equity. 
Covington & Burling LLP, which has civil rights expertise and experience leading racial equity audits across various 
industries, is conducting the audit. The firm is gathering input from a range of stakeholders, including Citi employees 
involved in implementing Action for Racial Equity, financial institutions and other partners directly benefiting or 
involved in implementing the initiative, and civil rights organizations that can represent the views of the customers 
and communities the initiative is designed to support. Conducting an audit of Action for Racial Equity will help Citi 
assess our work and will show where we can adapt and grow to make an even more meaningful impact going forward. 
The audit represents another step in our efforts to strengthen Citi’s policies and practices in order to become an anti-
racist institution. The audit began in January 2022, and we look forward to sharing the findings following its expected 
completion at the end of 2022.
BRIDGE BUILT BY CITI SM
Many small- and medium-sized businesses in the United States find that securing a loan can be a time-consuming, 
manual process. Business owners are often limited to banks near their own locations, while local and community banks 
can have a tough time broadening their reach to potential borrowers. 
Enter Bridge built by CitiSM, a new lending platform that democratizes the loan process by matching small- and medium-
sized businesses online with regional, local and community banks for loans up to $10 million. Launched in August 2021, 
the platform aims to expand access to capital for smaller businesses while widening the customer base for lenders. 
Twenty-nine banks, including nine minority depository institutions (MDIs), are participating in a pilot program in seven 
states in the Southeast and Rockies regions.
Learn more about our engagement with other MDIs. 
ROHIT MATHUR, 
DIRECTOR, CO-CREATOR, BRIDGE BUILT BY CITI
Innovation in financial technology forces you to 
create a new path without being able to rely on how 
things have always been done. We have leveraged the 
expertise of professionals at our bank to create a 
fintech solution.”
“
HARTE THOMPSON, 
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CO-CREATOR, BRIDGE BUILT BY CITI
What began as a sketch on a whiteboard has now 
given many business owners the access to banks 
that they deserve.”
“
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
68
