Sustainable	Operations
Citi has a history of prioritizing 
healthy buildings, along with 
two decades of measuring and 
reducing our environmental 
footprint. We are well-positioned 
to meet the dual challenges of 
climate change and COVID-19 
head on, as we enable sustainable 
operations and healthy facilities 
for our customers and employees.
Net Zero Commitment
Citi’s	commitment	to	achieve	net	zero	
GHG	emissions	by	2050	includes	both	our	
financing	and	our	own	operations.	For	
our	operations,	we	are	targeting	net	zero	
emissions	by	2030.	This	includes	GHG	
emissions	related	to	our	owned	and	leased	
facilities,	employee	commuting	and	busi-
ness	travel,	and	emissions	associated	with	
our	supply	chain.		
During	2021,	we	undertook	a	discovery	and	
planning	process	to	develop	a	strategy	for	
reaching	this	commitment.	This	included	
broad	engagement	with	employees	from	
our	Enterprise	Operations	&	Technology	
group,	and	analysis	to	help	us	define	the	
boundaries	of	the	commitment,	under-
stand	the	potential	challenges,	and	identify	
short-,	medium-	and	long-term	priorities	to	
help	us	reach	our	goal.	
With	the	announcement	of	our	
commitment	to	net	zero	GHG	emissions,	
we	broadened	our	engagement	with	
employees	across	Citi,	including	those	
working	in	the	areas	of	real	estate,	
technology,	supply	chain,	shared	services,	
travel	and	facility	operations.	Our	goal	was	
to	increase	understanding	and	capabilities	
across	our	organization,	while	also	gaining	
greater	insight	into	the	full	scope	of	our	
GHG	emissions.	Employees	in	these	groups	
helped	evaluate	their	own	processes	
to	identify	and	map	GHG	emissions	
throughout	Citi.	We	then	engaged	a	third	
party	to	help	us	quantify	those	emissions.	
This	engagement	has	set	the	stage	for	
collaboration	as	we	drive	toward	net	zero	
in	our	operations.	
As	part	of	our	discovery	process,	we	
also	expanded	our	GHG	inventory.	We	
have	been	tracking	Scope	1,	Scope	2	
and	a	portion	of	Scope	3	GHG	emissions	
related	to	our	own	operations	for	many	
years.	However,	this	was	the	first	time	
we	included	broader	Scope	3	emissions	
related	to	our	supply	chain,	which	is	inte-
gral	to	grasping	the	total	impact	of	our	
operations.	
Due	to	limitations	in	data	availability	
and	quality,	we	used	spend	data	and	
industry	emissions	factors	from	the	US	
Environmentally-Extended	Input-Output	
Models	as	the	basis	for	our	GHG	inventory.	
While	this	approach	has	its	limitations,	the	
insights	we	have	gleaned	from	this	analysis	
are	nonetheless	helping	us	identify	priority	
areas	that	warrant	additional	investigation	
and	suppliers	we	can	meaningfully	engage	
with	to	create	the	greatest	impact.	As	
supplier-specific	data	becomes	available	
and	methodologies	improve,	we	will	
recalculate	our	supply	chain	emissions.	
The	GHG	inventory	is	available	in	our	2021	
Task	Force	on	Climate-related	Financial	
Disclosures	(TCFD)	report.
We	are	keenly	aware	that	a	balanced	
approach	will	be	needed	to	drive	emissions	
reductions	for	our	operations.	This	might	
include	a	reduction	in	our	consumption	
of	supplier	goods	and	services,	while	also	
engaging	with	suppliers	to	drive	process	
improvements	and	innovations.	We	are	
also	working	toward	our	2025	operational	
footprint	goals	(see	following	page),	which	
aim	to	reduce	GHG	emissions	and	energy	
consumption	for	our	operations.	In	addi-
tion,	we	are	piloting	zero-carbon	building	
requirements	for	all	new	Citi	buildings,	
targeting	emissions	from	operations	as	
well	as	embodied	emissions	in	the	materi-
als	used	to	construct	the	buildings.	
See	the	Climate	Risk	and	Net	Zero	section	
for	an	overview	of	our	commitment	to	net	
zero	GHG	emissions,	including	as	it	relates	
to	our	financing.	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
50
