Treating Customers 
Fairly
Through	Citi’s	commitment	to	our	Treating	
Customers	Fairly	principles	and	our	Global	
Consumer	Fairness	Policy,	we	strive	to	
earn	and	maintain	the	public’s	trust	by	
adhering	to	high	ethical	standards	in	
conducting	our	business.
The	Global	Consumer	Fairness	Policy	
provides	a	framework	for	reviewing	
consumer	fairness	concerns	and	a	
sustainable	model	for	managing	emerging	
risks.	The	policy	covers	all	aspects	of	the	
consumer	product	and	services	life	cycle,	
including	new	product	development,	
marketing,	sales	(including	variable	
incentive	compensation),	underwriting	
and	onboarding,	as	well	as	all	other	
stages.	There	are	established,	formalized	
escalation	processes	to	Citi’s	governance	
committees	and	Board	of	Directors	
that	facilitate	consistent,	timely	and	
appropriate	identification,	analysis	and	
escalation	of	potential	consumer	fairness	
and	reputational	and	franchise	risk	issues.	
In	relation	to	designing	variable	incentive	
plans,	we	consider	a	number	of	factors,	
including	whether	plans	align	with	our	
Treating	Customers	Fairly	principles.	For	
example,	we	leverage	client	satisfaction	
metrics,	where	available,	along	with	other	
product-based	metrics,	to	incentivize	
achieving	business	results	that	adhere	to	
internal	policies	and	our	Code	of	Conduct.	
We	routinely	evaluate	incentive	plans,	
training	content,	controls,	monitoring	
results	and	oversight	activities	to	maintain	
a	sales	force	that	delivers	on	Citi’s	
commitment	to	serving	our	customers	with	
fairness,	value,	clarity	and	dependability.
As	part	of	the	program,	Personal	Banking	
&	Wealth	Management	and	Institutional	
Clients	Group	employees	complete	annual	
Treating	Customers	Fairly	training	to	
ensure	they	understand	how	to	identify	
issues	of	fairness	and	how	fairness	influ-
ences	real-world	results.	The	2021	course	
was	launched	to	more	than	95,000	Citi	
employees	globally.	
We	also	have	measures	in	place	to	monitor	
sales	practices,	including	auditing	and	
metrics	that	assess	client	risk	profiles.	
When	appropriate,	we	proactively	contact	
delinquent	clients,	using	their	credit	risk	
profile	and	previous	payment	perfor-
mance	to	determine	how	quickly	and	
how	often	to	contact	them.	We	ensure	
that	contact	strategies	are	vetted	for	
privacy	and	fairness	considerations	before	
implementation.
The	Global	Financial	Access	Policy	is	a	key	
component	of	our	commitment	to	fair	and	
equitable	access	to	products	and	services.	
This	policy	establishes	the	guiding	
principles	and	minimum	standards	for	fair,	
equitable	and	nondiscriminatory	access	to	
credit.	Further,	it	prohibits	discrimination	
against	actual	or	prospective	clients	on	
the	basis	of	race,	ethnicity,	sex	(which	
encompasses	gender	as	well	as	sexual	
orientation,	gender	identity	and	gender	
expression),	religion,	national	origin,	
disability	or	other	prohibited	factors.	
This	commitment	is	backed	by	training,	
processes,	controls	and	oversight	to	
prevent	discrimination.	In	addition,	we	
continually	work	to	understand	evolving	
discrimination	risks	and	update	our	
approach	to	preventing	such	risks	in	our	
business	strategies,	as	well	as	in	the	design	
and	delivery	of	our	products	and	services.
True	to	our	commitment	to	responsible	
finance,	we	hold	an	annual	Fair	and	
Inclusive	Banking	offsite	with	senior	
management	from	across	the	company,	to	
deepen	their	understanding	of	fair	lending,	
consumer	fairness	and	accessibility.	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
124
