Reporting and Self- 
Assessment Requirements 
High-Level Summary of Bank’s Response
References
2.4 Progress on Implementing 
Targets
For each target separately: 
Show that your bank has implemented 
the actions it had previously defined to 
meet the set target.
Or explain why actions could not be 
implemented / needed to be changed 
and how your bank is adapting its plan 
to meet its set target. 
Report on your bank’s progress over 
the last 12 months (up to 18 months in 
your first reporting after becoming a 
signatory) toward achieving each of 
the set targets and the impact your 
progress resulted in (where feasible 
and appropriate, banks should include 
quantitative disclosures).
Net Zero Commitment:
Following the announcement of our net zero commitment in March 2021, in 
early 2022, we released our initial net zero plan for our Energy and Power loan 
portfolios, including baseline emissions and 2030 emissions reduction targets. 
We will continue our work to develop emissions baselines and targets for 
additional carbon-intensive sectors in our portfolio.
$1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal:
Building on our $250 Billion Environmental Finance Goal, we announced a 
commitment to a $1 trillion in sustainable finance by 2030. The commitment 
expands the prior $250 Billion Environmental Goal to $500 Billion and 
includes $500 Billion toward Social Finance. Detailed progress toward the first 
two years of tracking toward this commitment is provided in the Sustainable 
Finance section of this report. As of YE2021, we have financed and facilitated 
$163.1 billion toward our Environmental Finance Goal and $59.0 billion toward 
our Social Finance Goal for a total of $222.1 billion toward the $1 trillion 
commitment. 
Thermal Coal Mining Exposure:
Following the publication of the 2020 baseline, we saw a reduction of 30% in 
2021, as detailed in this report. 
Action for Racial Equity: 
By November 2021, one year into our three-year pledge, Citi and the Citi 
Foundation had already exceeded our $1 billion commitment to invest in 
initiatives expanding economic opportunity for communities of color. For more 
details, please refer to the Equitable and Resilient Communities section in this 
report. 
2021 ESG Report:
• Sustainable Finance
• Climate Risk and Net Zero
• Action for Racial Equity 
External References:
• 2021 TCFD Report
• Action for Racial Equity
• Environmental and Social Policy 
Framework
• Net Zero Commitment
We have set the targets described above and are in the early stages of implementing the measures we have put in place. In some cases, such as for our 
Action for Racial Equity, Citi and the Citi Foundation have exceeded the initiative’s financial targets. We will report on progress made toward achieving 
our targets in our subsequent reporting.
Principle 3: Clients and Customers
We will work responsibly with our clients and our customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable economic activities that create shared 
prosperity for current and future generations.
3.1 Provide an overview of the policies 
and practices your bank has in place 
and/or is planning to put in place to 
promote responsible relationships 
with its customers. This should 
include high-level information on any 
programmes and actions implemented 
(and/or planned), their scale and, where 
possible, the results thereof. 
Citi has a number of policies and systems in place to ensure we treat 
customers responsibly and fairly: 
• Citi Code of Conduct 
• Citi’s Treating Customers Fairly Principles
• Global Consumer Fairness Policy 
• Global Financial Access Policy
More details can be found in the Serving Our Customers and Clients 
Responsibly section of this report.
2021 ESG Report:
• Serving our Customers and Clients 
Responsibly
External References:
• Citi Code of Conduct
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
162
