Assurance
 
 
 
Schedule Accompanying Greenhouse Gas Verification Opinion 
Number UK.PRS.VOL.INV.0100.2021/2022/04/07 
 
Brief Description of Verification Process 
SGS has been contracted by Citigroup, Inc. for the verification of direct and indirect 
carbon dioxide (CO2) equivalent emissions and environmental data as provided by 
Citigroup, Inc., 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY, 10013 in their GHG 
Statement in the form of a Management Assertion covering CO2 equivalent 
emissions and environmental data. 
 
Statement of Independence and Competence 
The SGS Group of companies is the world leader in inspection, testing and 
verification, operating in more than 140 countries and providing services including 
management systems and service certification; quality, environmental, social and 
ethical auditing; sustainability report assurance and greenhouse gases verification. 
SGS affirms our independence from Citigroup, Inc. being free from bias and 
conflicts of interest with the organization, its subsidiaries and stakeholders. 
 
The assurance team was assembled based on their knowledge, experience and 
qualifications for this assignment, and comprised Lead Verifiers in Greenhouse 
Gases and Environmental Data Reporting 
 
Roles and responsibilities 
The management of Citigroup, Inc. is responsible for the organization’s GHG and 
environmental data information system, the development and maintenance of 
records and reporting procedures in accordance with that system, including the 
calculation and determination and reporting of GHG emissions and environmental 
data.  
 
It is SGS’ responsibility to express an independent GHG verification opinion on the    
GHG emissions and environmental data as provided in the Citigroup, Inc. GHG 
Statement for the period 1st January 2021 – 31st December 2021. As independent 
auditors to Citigroup Inc. our work was conducted based on current best practice in 
independent verification and in accordance with SGS policies regarding impartiality 
and independence. SGS has no conflict of interest in relation to providing these 
services to Citigroup Inc. 
  
SGS conducted a third-party verification following the requirements of ISO 14064-3: 
2019 of the provided CO2 equivalent and environmental data Statement in the 
period December 2021 to April 2022. 
  
The assessment included a desk review with remote verification. The verification 
was based on the verification scope, objectives and criteria as agreed between 
Citigroup, Inc. and SGS on 1/12/2021  
 
Level of Assurance 
The level of assurance agreed is limited.  
 
Scope 
Citigroup, Inc. has commissioned an independent verification by SGS of reported 
CO2 equivalent emissions and environmental data arising from their activities, to 
establish conformance with the requirements of WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol and its 
amendments for CO2 equivalent emissions and the principles of completeness, 
transparency, accuracy, consistency and relevance for environmental data, within 
the scope of the verification as outlined below. Data and information supporting the 
CO2 equivalent and environmental data statement were historical and estimated in 
nature and proven by evidence.  
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
177
