Reporting and Self- 
Assessment Requirements 
High-Level Summary of Bank’s Response
References
Principle 1: Alignment
We will align our business strategy to be consistent with and contribute to individuals’ needs and society’s goals, as expressed in the SDGs, the 
Paris Agreement and relevant national and regional frameworks.
1.1 Describe (high-level) your bank’s 
business model, including the main 
customer segments served, types of 
products and services provided, the 
main sectors and types of activities, 
and where relevant the technologies 
financed across the main geographies 
in which your bank has operations or 
provides products and services.
Citi is a global diversified financial services company whose businesses provide 
consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, yet 
focused, range of financial products and services, including consumer banking 
and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, trade 
and securities services and wealth management. Citi has approximately 200 
million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and 
jurisdictions.
During 2021, Citigroup was managed pursuant to two operating segments 
— Institutional Clients Group (ICG) and Global Consumer Banking (GCB). As 
part of its strategic refresh, Citi made management reporting changes to 
align with its vision and strategy, including to assist Citi in decisions about 
resources and capital allocation and to assess business performance. In the 
first quarter of 2022, Citi revised its financial reporting structure to align with 
these management reporting changes to enable investors and others to better 
understand the performance of Citi’s businesses. These changes are discussed 
on page 6 of our 2021 10-K.
2021 Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) Report:
• Citi at a Glance
External References:
• About Citi
• Consumer Businesses
• Institutional Businesses
• 2021 10-K, pp. 4-6
The Principles for Responsible Banking Index
The Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) are a framework for ensuring that signatory banks’ strategy and practice align with Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) and the Paris Climate Agreement (Paris Agreement). The Principles encourage a sustainable banking system and help 
the industry demonstrate how it makes a positive contribution to society. They embed sustainability at the strategic, portfolio and transactional 
levels and across all business areas.
Following the guidance provided by UN Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI), we mapped the Principles to our core activities and 
are reporting on our progress. The results are outlined in the index below.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
155
