Assurance
 
GP5024 Issue 4  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SGS REPORT ON CITIGROUP INC.’s “CITI’S 2021 ESG REPORT”, SECTION 
“2021 PROJECTS COVERED BY THE EQUATOR PRINCIPLES” 
 
NATURE AND SCOPE OF THE ASSURANCE/VERIFICATION 
SGS was commissioned by Citigroup Inc. to conduct an independent assurance of the “Citi’s 2021 ESG 
Report”, section “2021 Projects Covered by the Equator Principles”. The scope of the assurance, based on the 
SGS Sustainability Report Assurance methodology, included the data in accompanying tables, contained in this 
report.  
 
The information in the “Citi’s 2021 ESG Report” of Citigroup Inc. and its presentation are the responsibility of the 
directors and the management of Citigroup Inc. SGS has not been involved in the preparation of any of the 
material included in the “Citi’s 2021 ESG Report”. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the text, data, 
graphs and statements within the scope of verification with the intention to inform all Citigroup Inc.’ 
stakeholders. 
 
The SGS protocols are based upon the internationally recognized Assurance Standard ISAE 3000. This 
standard follows differing options for Assurance depending on the context and capabilities of the Reporting 
Organization. This report has been assured at a limited level of scrutiny using our protocols for evaluation of 
content veracity and the alignment to the Equator Principles and the internal policies and procedures of 
Citigroup Inc. 
 
The assurance comprised a combination of pre-assurance research, interviews with relevant employees; 
documentation and record review and the evaluation of the report for the alignment to the Equator Principles. 
 
STATEMENT OF INDEPENDENCE AND COMPETENCE 
The SGS Group of companies is the world leader in inspection, testing and verification, operating in more than 
140 countries and providing services including management systems and service certification; quality, 
environmental, social and ethical auditing; sustainability report assurance and greenhouse gases verification. 
SGS affirms our independence from Citigroup Inc., being free from bias and conflicts of interest with the 
organization, its subsidiaries and stakeholders. 
 
The assurance team was assembled based on their knowledge, experience and qualifications for this 
assignment, and comprised a Lead Assuror for Sustainability Reporting and Equator Principles, Lead Verifier in 
Greenhouse Gases, and Principal Auditor registered with IRCA (International Register of Certificated Auditors) 
in Environmental, Quality, Occupational Health & Safety, and Social Systems.  
 
ASSURANCE OPINION 
Based on the methodology described and the verification work performed on the “Citi’s 2021 ESG Report”, 
section “2021 Projects Covered by the Equator Principles”, we did not observe any circumstance that made us 
believe that the information and data contained within is inaccurate, unreliable, or does not provide a fair and 
balanced representation of Citigroup Inc.’ activities in 2021. The assurance team is of the opinion that the 
Report can be used by the Citigroup Inc.’ Stakeholders. We believe that Citigroup Inc. has chosen an 
appropriate level of assurance. 
 
 
ASSURANCE STATEMENT 
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
181
