Reporting and Self- 
Assessment Requirements 
High-Level Summary of Bank’s Response
References
2.2 Target Setting 
Show that the bank has set and 
published a minimum of two Specific, 
Measurable (can be qualitative or 
quantitative), Achievable, Relevant and 
Time-bound (SMART) targets, which 
address at least two of the identified 
“areas of most significant impact”, 
resulting from the bank’s activities and 
provision of products and services. 
Show that these targets are linked to 
and drive alignment with and greater 
contribution to appropriate SDGs, the 
goals of the Paris Agreement, and 
other relevant international, national or 
regional frameworks. The bank should 
have identified a baseline (assessed 
against a particular year) and have set 
targets against this baseline.
Show that the bank has analysed and 
acknowledged significant (potential) 
negative impacts of the set targets on 
other dimensions of the SDG/climate 
change/society’s goals and that it has 
set out relevant actions to mitigate 
those as far as feasible to maximize the 
net positive impact of the set targets. 
As part of our initial impact analysis work, we have developed targets for each 
of the identified impact areas:
Climate Change
Net Zero Commitment:
In 2021, we announced our commitment to net zero GHG emissions by 2050, 
including net zero GHG emissions for our own operations by 2030. In early 
2022, we published our initial net zero plan, baseline emissions and interim 
2030 targets for our Energy and Power loan portfolios. For more information, 
see the Climate Risk and Net Zero section of this report. 
$1 Trillion Commitment to Sustainable Finance:
In 2021 we announced our $1 trillion sustainable finance by 2030 commitment, 
which includes a $500 Billion Environmental Finance Goal toward the financing 
and facilitation of a wide array of climate solutions, such as renewable energy, 
clean technology, water conservation and sustainable transportation. The 
$1 trillion commitment also includes $500 billion in social finance toward 
investments in affordable basic infrastructure, affordable housing, diversity 
and equity, economic inclusion, education, food security and healthcare.
Thermal Coal Mining Exposure:
Within our ESRM Policy, we have included a commitment to eliminate our 
exposure to thermal coal mining companies by 2030, and in early 2021, we also 
expanded our policy related to coal-fired power. For more information, see our 
Environmental and Social Policy Framework.
These goals will drive alignment with SDGs 7 (Affordable and Clean Energy), 9 
(Industry, Innovation, and Infrastructure) and 13 (Climate Action).
Racial Equity
Action for Racial Equity:
In 2020, Citi and the Citi Foundation committed $1 Billion in strategic 
initiatives through 2023 to help close the racial wealth gap. Our pledge focuses 
on four key goals and outcomes:
• Expand banking and access to credit in communities of color
• Invest in Black entrepreneurship
• Invest in affordable housing and promote the growth of Black 
homeownership
• Strengthen Citi’s policies and practices in order to become an anti-racist 
institution
These goals will drive alignment with SDGs 8 (Decent Work and Economic 
Growth) and 11 (Sustainable Cities and Communities).
2021 ESG Report:
• Sustainable Finance
• Climate Risk and Net Zero
• Action for Racial Equity
• Citi Impact Fund
External References:
• Action for Racial Equity
• Environmental and Social Policy 
Framework
• Net Zero Commitment
We have established a firm-wide target for net zero emissions, updated our prior environmental finance target to be a comprehensive commitment to 
sustainable finance, which now includes social criteria, maintain Sector Approaches related to our exposure to the coal industry, and established goals 
under a racial equity initiative. We believe these are in line with the requirements of the Principles.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
160
