STRUCTURING A GREEN HYBRID BOND
Clean Technology
Citi helped German chemicals company Evonik Industries, one of the world leaders 
in specialty chemicals, issue a €500 million green hybrid bond in 2021 — acting as 
sole green structuring advisor, joint structuring agent, joint global coordinator and 
joint bookrunner on the transaction.
The corporate hybrid bond structure can be attractive to issuers, particularly in 
Europe, that are looking for a stronger credit profile or financial flexibility. The 
green issuance followed the publication of Evonik’s Green Finance Framework, which 
integrates sustainability into the company’s financial strategy. Under the framework, 
proceeds from green financing instruments may be used for eligible projects in the 
areas of eco-efficient products, energy efficiency and renewable energy. 
Proceeds of this green hybrid bond issuance will primarily be used to finance 
investments in Evonik’s Next Generation Solutions — products and solutions  
with sustainability benefits that Evonik expects to grow significantly in the  
coming years. 
FINANCING RENEWABLE ENERGY WHILE INCREASING DIVERSITY
Renewable Energy and Diversity & Equity
In November, Citi provided AES’ Clean Energy business, a leading renewables  
development platform in the United States, with financing to fund the construction  
and operation of the Skipjack Solar Project outside Richmond, Virginia. The project  
is expected to provide 225 megawatts-DC (175 megawatts-AC) of renewable energy  
capacity;  once online, the project will sell 100% of its solar energy output under a  
14-year, fixed-price agreement to one of the largest power generator companies in  
the U.S.
The transaction also included a milestone: Citi’s first execution of a sustainability- 
linked derivative for a construction project — a KPI-linked interest rate swap to  
support the financing of the project. Under the terms, AES commits to achieving  
key performance indicators linked to increasing gender diversity measured by  
employees who self-identify as female or nonbinary employees and increasing new  
hire employees who self-identify as members of an underrepresented group. 
Citi acted as coordinating lead arranger, lender, and swap syndication arranger on  
this transaction, providing a comprehensive financing package for AES, a company  
that is focused on accelerating the future of energy, together.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
26
