Respecting Human 
Rights in Our 
Financing Decisions
Effectively	evaluating	human	rights	risks	
related	to	our	clients	and	the	projects	we	
finance	is	challenging.	We	work	diligently	
to	meet	this	challenge	and	respect	the	
human	rights	of	the	individuals	and	
communities	impacted	by	the	clients	we	
finance	and	their	projects.
We	have	established	policies	and	practices	
that	help	us	influence	the	protection	of	
human	rights.	For	instance,	our	anti-money	
laundering	efforts	help	us	prevent	crimi-
nally	sourced	funds	—	including	funds	asso-
ciated	with	human	rights	abuses,	such	as	
human	trafficking	—	from	passing	through	
our	bank.	Disrupting	the	flow	of	money	to	
those	perpetrating	human	rights	abuses	
and	denying	those	abusers	safe	harbor	for	
illicit	proceeds	tied	to	corruption	or	human	
rights	violations	are	effective	ways	to	
undermine	their	efforts.
Additionally,	under	our	U.S.	Commercial	
Firearms	Policy,	adopted	in	2018,	we	
require	clients	or	partners	that	are	
U.S.	firearms	retailers	or	firearms	
manufacturers	that	sell	through	U.S.	
retail	channels	to	adhere	to	a	set	of	best	
practices	regarding	the	sale	of	firearms.	
For	retailers,	these	practices	include	
selling	firearms	only	to	individuals	who	
have	completed	a	background	check,	not	
selling	high-capacity	magazines	or	bump	
stocks	(which	modify	semiautomatic	
firearms	to	fire	faster,	at	rates	comparable	
to	fully	automatic	firearms),	and	selling	
firearms	to	individuals	under	age	21	only	if	
they	have	received	firearms	safety	training	
(e.g.,	as	part	of	active	or	former	military	or	
law	enforcement	employment	or	via	hunter	
safety	training).	For	manufacturers,	best	
practice	entails	selling	firearms	only	to	
retailers	that	follow	these	same	practices.
Such	examples	illustrate	our	ability	to	
proactively	avoid	certain	business	trans-
actions	with	adverse	impacts	on	human	
rights,	but	other	situations	can	occur	
in	which	the	link	between	our	financial	
services	and	human	rights	impacts	is	less	
direct.	That	complexity	may	mean	we	have	
less	leverage,	and	it	diminishes	our	ability	
to	ensure	that	on-the-ground	outcomes	
are	consistent	with	Citi’s	values.	In	these	
instances,	we	work	to	improve	our	clients’	
awareness	and	business	practices.	In	
addition,	where	a	transaction’s	financial	
and	legal	structure	allows	it,	we	put	loan	
covenants	in	place	and	monitor	mitigation	
efforts	through	our	ESRM	systems	and	
corrective	action	plans.
Due Diligence in Client 
Transactions
Citi	has	thousands	of	corporate	and	insti-
tutional	clients.	The	UN	Guiding	Principles	
acknowledge	the	challenges	presented	
by	extensive	business	relationships,	and	
we	have	adopted	the	approach	set	out	in	
the	UN	Guiding	Principles	of	prioritizing	
our	due	diligence	and	risk	mitigation	first	
in	areas	where	the	risk	of	adverse	human	
rights	impact	is	most	significant	from	the	
perspective	of	the	people	who	may	be	
affected.
We	use	our	ESRM	Policy,	where	applicable,	
to	assess	and	manage	risks	consis-
tently	and	to	evaluate	client	operations	
against	a	common	set	of	standards	
grounded	in	international	best	practice,	
including	the	UN	Guiding	Principles	on	
Business	and	Human	Rights,	ILO	Forced	
Labour	Indicators,	Voluntary	Principles	
on	Security	and	Human	Rights,	and	
International	Finance	Corporation	(IFC)	
Performance	Standards,	among	other	
international	human	rights	norms	and	
emerging	standards.	Our	ESRM	team	
screens	transactions	covered	by	our	
ESRM	Policy	during	the	initial	marketing	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
130
