Recruit, Retain and 
Promote
We	are	committed	to	continue	building	a	
team	that	is	inclusive	and	representative	
of	our	customers	and	clients.	To	make	
progress,	we	have	been	evolving	the	way	
we	bring	new	colleagues	into	Citi,	including	
accelerating	the	use	of	diverse	slates	in	our	
recruiting	and	deepening	our	capabilities	to	
measure	our	success.
In	2021,	we	expanded	the	use	of	diverse	
slates	in	our	recruiting	to	have	at	least	two	
women	and/or	U.S.	minorities	in	our	inter-
views	for	U.S.	hires	and	at	least	two	women	
in	our	interviews	for	global	hires.	These	
include	candidates	at	various	senior	levels,	
from	Assistant	Vice	President	to	Managing	
Director.	As	of	December,	nearly	75%	of	
roles	that	were	posted	globally	included	a	
diverse	slate	of	candidates	with	at	least	two	
women	and/or	two	U.S.	minorities.	In	2021,	
we	launched	a	Diversity	Sourcing	team	in	
the	United	States	to	consistently	identify	
diverse	talent	in	the	marketplace	and	
accelerate	our	hiring	of	diverse	talent.			
We	have	expanded	engagement	with	exter-
nal	partners,	including	diversity	professional	
organizations.	These	relationships	have	
enhanced	our	ability	to	attract	and	hire	mid-	
to	senior-level	talent	demonstrating	Citi’s	
inclusive	culture.	
Campus Recruiting 
Our	campus	recruiting	program	is	another	
important	way	for	us	to	diversify	our	
employee	base,	and	we	have	a	robust	
pipeline	of	talent	from	HBCUs	and	other	
leading	universities.	
	•
Our	Citi® University Partnerships 
in Innovation & Discovery (CUPID) 
Program	enables	us	to	accelerate	inno-
vation	projects	across	Citi	by	engaging	
diverse	students	and	developing	a	
robust,	diverse	pipeline	of	talent	from	
leading	universities	(see	callout	above).
	•
In	2021,	we	held	our	third	annual	
HBCU Innovation and Leadership 
Symposium,	which	brought	together	
42	first-	and	second-year	students	
(58%	first	years	and	32%	sophomores)	
from	15	HBCUs	for	an	introductory,	
virtual	experience	focused	on	helping	
them	understand	financial	services,	
gain	technical	skills	and	kick	off	the	
career-planning	process.	While	we	
would	like	the	students	to	consider	
the	possibility	of	a	future	with	Citi,	our	
primary	goal	is	to	provide	them	with	
helpful	tools	on	their	path	to	profes-
sional	success,	without	regard	for	
industry	or	profession.	
	•
Our	Early Insights Programs	for	
college	students	in	their	first	and	
second	years	of	undergraduate	studies	
are	focused	on	identifying,	mentoring	
and	hiring	top	diverse	talent	for	
summer	analyst	programs	across	the	
firm.	These	programs	provide	early	
exposure	to,	and	education	around,	
Citi’s	businesses,	technical	training,	
mentorship	and	culture.
	•
Our	Freshman Discovery Day	is	a	
two-day	exploratory	program	that	
helps	educate	underrepresented	
minority	college	freshmen	about	the	
various	roles	in	financial	services.
MILITARY OFFICER LEADERSHIP PROGRAM 
Our Military Officer Leadership Program (MOLP) focuses on recruiting, 
developing, training and preparing transitioning service members for mid- to 
senior-level leadership roles at Citi. Over a two-year time period, candidates 
rotate three times, giving them a peer network of mentorship and support 
and a path to a successful career at Citi. “As a former combat veteran, with 
no direct experience in the financial industry, the MOLP was a great opportu-
nity,” said Rob Carter, a graduate of the program who has been with Citi for 
about five years. “The exposure to different businesses allowed me to find 
an area within the firm that leveraged the skills I developed during my time 
in the Army,” says Carter, Senior Vice President in Human Resources and 
one of the more than 2,400 U.S. employees who have disclosed their veteran 
status to us.
CUPID BY THE NUMBERS
The Citi® University Partnerships in Innovation & Discovery (CUPID) Program 
embeds students from top universities in innovation activities across Citi. 
CUPID students — many of them underrepresented minorities — gain exposure 
to various aspects of our business and help us develop a robust, diverse 
pipeline of talent. Since we launched CUPID in 2017, we have:
• Engaged 3,600+ students and early career professionals
• Hired 202 CUPID participants
• Hired 43 HBCU students 
• Worked with 90 colleges and universities, including 38 HBCUs
• Hosted 40 events, such as hackathons, competitions and symposiums
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
86
