Action for Racial Equity
In the midst of a global pandemic 
that disproportionately affected 
communities of color, we took a 
hard look at ourselves and our 
own contribution to the status 
quo. We saw how we could use 
our power — as individuals, as a 
company and as an industry —  
to drive a lasting transformative 
movement toward greater equity. 
The	result	was	Action for Racial Equity,	a	
four-pronged	commitment	of	Citi	and	the	
Citi	Foundation	to	invest	more	than	$1	billion	
by	2023	in	strategic	initiatives	to	provide	
greater	access	to	banking	and	credit	in	
communities	of	color,	increase	investment	
in	Black-owned	businesses,	expand	afford-
able	housing	and	homeownership	among	
Black	Americans,	and	advance	anti-racist	
practices	in	our	own	company	and	in	the	
financial	services	industry.
By	November	2021	—	one	year	into	our	
three-year	pledge	—	we	had	already	invested	
$1	billion	into	initiatives	expanding	economic	
opportunity	for	communities	of	color,	
putting	us	on	track	to	exceed	our	original	
$1.1	billion	commitment	set	in	2020.	
Since	the	launch	of	Action for Racial Equity,	
we	have	been	engaged	across	our	business	
to	think	and	act	in	support	of	equity	and	
our	goal	of	closing	the	racial	wealth	gap	
and	increasing	economic	mobility	in	the	
United	States.	Throughout	2021,	we	worked	
on	one	of	our	key	measures	of	success	—	
institutionalizing	the	commitment	to	racial	
equity	across	the	firm.	For	example,	we	
created	the	Diverse	Financial	Institutions	
Group,	a	dedicated	team	within	Citi	that	is	
serving	as	a	hub	to	lead	and	expand	firm-
wide	engagement	with	minority	depository	
institutions	(MDIs),	diverse	broker-dealers	
and	diverse	asset	managers.	We’re	also	
diversifying	our	teams	to	better	serve	
our	communities.	We	started	to	develop	a	
centralized	Financial	Inclusion	and	Racial	
Equity	Segment	Team	within	U.S.	Personal	
Banking	to	develop	targeted	and	inte-
grated	segment	strategies,	drive	seamless	
customer-centric	execution,	and	champion	
greater	financial	inclusion,	racial	equity	
and	customer	protection.	
We’re	harnessing	our	influence	to	
encourage	our	law	firm	and	agency	
partners	to	join	us	in	efforts	to	advance	
racial	equity.	We	obtained	detailed	
diversity	data	from	the	U.S.	law	partners	
who	make	up	more	than	two-thirds	of	our	
U.S.	legal	spend,	enabling	us	to	identify	
opportunities	to	increase	representation	
of	diverse	attorneys	on	Citi’s	legal	matters.	
And	we’re	working	with	advertising	agency	
partners	that	comprise	the	largest	portion	
of	our	marketing	spend	to	increase	diverse	
representation	of	agency	teams,	including	
senior	leadership,	to	help	ensure	diversity	
in	Citi	marketing	materials.		
We	recognize	that	to	continue	closing	the	
racial	wealth	gap,	we	need	an	approach	
that	sparks	immediate	change	while	also	
creating	economic	solutions	that	support	
systemic	change	for	the	long	term.	We	
also	recognize	the	need	to	hold	ourselves	
accountable,	starting	with	being	trans-
parent	about	where	we	are	and	where	
we	need	to	continue	pushing	to	improve.	
That’s	why	we	committed	to	a	third-party	
racial	equity	audit	of	our	Action for 
Racial Equity	commitments.	Additionally,	
we	were	the	first	major	Wall	Street	
bank	to	participate	in	the	Management	
Leadership	for	Tomorrow	Black	Equity	
at	Work	Certification,	which	was	created	
to	help	guide	companies	and	keep	them	
accountable	for	making	progress	around	
Black	equity.	(Learn	more	about	the	
certification	in	the	Talent	and	Diversity,	
Equity	&	Inclusion	section.)	
Our	Action for Racial Equity	commitments	
contribute	to	SDG 8,	which	aims,	among	
other	things,	to	provide full and produc-
tive employment and decent work for all	
and	specifically	contributes	to	target	8.3,	
which	supports	productive activities, 
decent job creation, entrepreneurship, 
creativity and innovation, and the 
formalization and growth of micro-, 
small- and medium-sized enterprises 
through access to financial services.	
Our	approach	also	supports	target	8.10:	
to	strengthen the capacity of domestic 
financial institutions to encourage and 
expand access to banking, insurance and 
financial services for all.	The	affordable	
housing	components	of	Action for Racial 
Equity	align	with	SDG	target	11.1,	which	
includes	providing	access for all to 
adequate, safe and affordable housing 
and basic services.	
	
SDG Goal 8: Decent Work and Economic 
SDG Goal 11: Sustainable Cities and 
Communities
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
66
