Citi’s	2021	raw	gap	analysis	showed	that	
the	median	pay	for	women	globally	is	
74%	of	the	median	for	men,	similar	to	
2020	and	up	from	73%	in	2019	and	71%	in	
2018;	the	median	pay	for	U.S.	minorities	
was	more	than	96%	of	the	median	for	
non-minorities,	which	is	up	from	just	
under	94%	in	2020,	94%	in	2019	and	
93%	in	2018.	Continuing	to	reduce	our	
raw	pay	gap	requires	that	we	increase	
representation	of	women	and	U.S.	
minorities	in	senior	roles	across	the	firm.	
These	pay	equity	reviews	represent	
a	“moment	in	time”	snapshot	of	our	
employee	base,	which	is	constantly	chang-
ing	as	people	come	in	and	out	of	the	firm,	
as	colleagues	are	promoted	and	as	market	
dynamics	change.	We’re	continuing	to	
innovate	how	we	recruit	and	develop	talent	
and	to	use	data	more	effectively	to	help	us	
increase	diversity	at	more	senior	levels	at	
Citi.	Our	philosophy	is	that	every	member	
of	Citi’s	team	is	responsible	for	progress	
in	making	Citi	an	even	more	inclusive	and	
equitable	workplace.	
Citi	collaborated	with	The	Female	Quotient,	
a	women-owned	business	dedicated	to	
advancing	equality	in	the	workplace,	to	
develop	a	free	digital	tool	that	provides	
companies	with	a	snapshot	of	their	raw	
pay	gap.	We	view	it	as	a	way	to	further	
equity	across	all	types	of	companies	and	
see	it	as	a	concrete	measure	to	increase	
diversity	more	broadly.	For	more	informa-
tion,	visit	The	Female	Quotient’s	Advancing	
Equality	CalculatorTM.	
Representation Goals
In	2018,	we	set	aspirational	representa-
tion	goals	to	increase	women	leadership	
globally	and	Black	leadership	in	the	United	
States	at	the	firm	by	the	end	of	2021.	We	
are	pleased	to	share	that	Citi	exceeded	
these	goals.	Globally,	we	increased	
representation	at	the	Assistant	Vice	
President	to	Managing	Director	levels	for	
women	to	40.6%	(up	from	37%	in	2018),	
and	in	the	United	States	we	increased	
Black	representation	for	those	same	
job	levels	to	8.1%	(up	from	6%	in	2018).	
Additionally,	when	we	include	colleagues	in	
the	United	States	who	self-identify	as	two	
or	more	races,	Black	representation	at	the	
same	job	levels	increased	to	9.1%.
Our	commitment	doesn’t	stop	here,	and	we	
recognize	there’s	still	work	to	do	to	build	a	
more	diverse,	equitable	and	inclusive	firm.	
We	will	build	and	expand	on	our	representa-
tion	goals	in	the	future	and	will	continue	to	
be	transparent	while	holding	ourselves	
accountable.	Diversity,	equity	and	inclusion	
factors,	including	the	representation	of	
women	and	racial/ethnic	minorities,	continue	
to	be	included	in	senior	executives’	score-
cards.	Learn	more	in	the	ESG	at	Citi	section.	
Pipeline	analyses	help	us	assess	the	avail-
ability	and	flow	of	diverse	talent	at	Citi	and	
how	we	can	achieve	better	representation	
among	women	and	racial/ethnic	minori-
ties.	Such	analyses	also	play	an	important	
role	in	succession	planning	at	Citi,	ensuring	
that	we	have	diversity	of	employees	who	
are	ready	for	promotion	now,	and	that	we	
have	appropriate	development	plans	for	
those	who	would	be	ready	for	promotion	
in	several	years.	Intentionality	in	talent	
development	is	essential	if	we’re	going	
to	elevate	more	women	and	racial/ethnic	
minorities	to	high-level	positions	at	Citi	—	
and	across	our	industry	as	a	whole.	
According	to	McKinsey	&	Company,	there’s	
a	strong	business	case	for	gender	and	
racial	diversity	in	corporate	leadership,	
with	the	most	diverse	companies	outper-
forming	their	peers	on	profitability.	A	
report	issued	by	McKinsey1	in	2020	found	
that	companies	in	the	top	quartile	for	
gender	diversity	on	executive	teams	were	
25%	more	likely	to	have	above-average	
profitability	than	companies	in	the	fourth	
quartile.	That’s	up	from	21%	in	2017	and	
15%	in	2014.	
Our	representation	goals,	as	well	as	other	
work	we	are	doing	around	gender	equality	
in	the	workplace,	directly	contribute	to	
SDG 5	in	support	of	gender equality 
and empowering all women and girls.	
Specifically,	we	are	enabling	progress	
toward	target 5.5,	which	aims	to	ensure 
women’s full and effective participation 
and equal opportunities for leadership at 
all levels of decision-making in political, 
economic and public life.	
SDG Goal 5: Gender Equality 
	
Read	how	we’re	supporting	minority-		
and	women-owned	businesses	in	our	
supply	chain.
1.	McKinsey	&	Company,	“Diversity	Wins:	How	Inclusion	Matters”	May	2020.		
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
84
