Our Employee Networks in Action: 2021 (continued)
Citi Women Networks in Asia had a 
momentous year with many key initiatives 
and successful program launches. For 
example, here in China we launched a 
maternity buddy program that received 
overwhelmingly positive reviews from those 
who participated. We also partnered with 
other networks to lead November Gratitude 
Month, where we sent out 8,000 thank you 
cards to employees and staff, building on 
our already strong sense of community and 
showcasing our leadership principle of ‘We 
Succeed Together.’ Citi Women has brought 
tremendous value to my own experience 
and to Citi overall by creating an inclusive 
culture for women to thrive.” 
The Networks have the incredible mission to not only 
act upon the specific themes of each of the diversity 
groups, but also to expand the overall engagement 
and awareness among our population — creating an 
environment for empathy, connection and ‘call to 
action.’ In that sense, Families Matter provides us 
the amazing opportunity to work across Affinities: 
learning, supporting and acting together, especially 
in a moment when work, home and families are more 
intertwined than ever before. Understanding the 
realities and particularities of our diverse team and 
acting together with other Affinities allows us to 
support our Citi family.”
I was originally approached to join London Disability Network in 
2006 and found a fantastic group of folks looking to ensure that 
anyone with a disability, injury or illness felt that they had a voice. 
I went on to serve as co-chair for the London Disability Network 
on two occasions, where I believe we enhanced representation, 
engaged with senior management and weaved Inclusion into the 
business conversation. I am a firm believer that as an employee 
I need to set an example on how, with the right level of support 
from my amazing managers over the years, I was able to grow 
my career and begin to ask not what Citi can do for me, but 
what can I do for Citi and the disability community. I have been 
working with various groups and technology experts to raise the 
understanding on how assistive technology enables inclusion. By 
being myself, I have allowed my managers to be their very best for 
me, and together we can work on what we need to do to support 
our clients.”  
I have been with the firm for almost a decade, and I 
am really proud of how we have stepped up in recent 
years to strategize on diversity, equity and inclusion 
efforts to create an inclusive culture at Citi. Our 
colleagues who participated in Network initiatives 
continuously share feedback that they experience 
great value and learnings from our content. I am 
especially fond of sessions where safe spaces are 
created to speak up. Inviting people to talk about 
topics relating to diversity, equity and inclusion 
increases awareness so we can break down barriers 
and enable people to be comfortable with certain 
topics. This helps create an understanding of the role 
we can all play in supporting one another.”
Citi Women
Families Matter
Disability
Generations
LU SHI, CHINA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, RISK
LUCIANA ZONZINI, BRAZIL 
MANAGING DIRECTOR,  
BANKING, CAPITAL,  
MARKETS AND ADVISORY 
PATRICK MORAN, UNITED KINGDOM 
DIRECTOR, OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY  
NUR’I LIM, MALAYSIA 
VICE PRESIDENT, INDEPENDENT 
COMPLIANCE RISK MANAGEMENT
“
“
“
“
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
93
