Programs and Training to Combat Financial Crimes
 
Anti-Bribery Program
Citi has policies, procedures and internal controls to comply with anti-bribery laws, and we conduct an annual bribery risk assessment of all global 
business lines. We provide our staff with anti-bribery training annually and supplement it with targeted training and communications as needed. For 
more information, see the Citi Anti-Bribery Program Statement, which is updated at least annually.
Anti-Money Laundering Program
Citi’s Anti-Money Laundering (AML) Program protects our clients, our franchise and the global financial system from the risks of money laundering 
and terrorist financing. The program includes more than 5,600 employees globally, including 225 designated AML Country Officers covering every 
Citi business, function and geographic area. These specialists partner with various functions, including Compliance, Audit, Technology and our insti-
tutional and consumer businesses, to provide effective enterprise AML risk assessment and to meet our AML-related requirements at both the global 
and the local levels. For more information, visit our AML Program website.
Global Financial Crimes Investigations and Intelligence 
Global Financial Crimes Investigations and Intelligence (GFCII) is uniquely positioned within our Compliance function to tackle financial crime and 
provide a globally consistent approach to the prevention and detection of risk. GFCII leverages its many trusted partnerships with law enforcement, 
nonprofits and internal stakeholders to obtain actionable intelligence, primarily through participation in public/private forums, allowing for proactive 
identification of illicit activity and effective mitigation of risk. This connectivity results in the execution of a data-driven global strategy addressing 
emerging risk trends and typologies across business lines and geographies.
Sanctions Program
Citi is obligated to comply with applicable sanctions, laws and regulations in the countries where we operate and maintains a robust, risk-based 
Independent Compliance Risk Management Sanctions Program that applies globally. As a financial institution organized in the United States, Citi and 
our subsidiaries globally comply with applicable U.S. sanctions requirements, among other requirements. Our Sanctions Program includes policies 
and procedures, risk category statement and tolerance thresholds, enterprise-wide screening, annual risk assessments and audits of sanctions 
control processes, employee training and a diverse team of Compliance professionals stationed around the world.
For more information on our Financial Crimes programs, please see Citi’s Code of Conduct.
Number of Employees and Contingent Workers Who Completed Citi’s 
2021 Financial Crimes Compliance Training (by Region)*
62,759
North  
America
29,499
Latin  
America
28,671
Europe, Middle  
East and Africa
74,365
Asia  
Pacific
*	This	combined	online	training	incorporates	multiple	anti-corruption	efforts,	including	AML,	sanctions	and	anti-bribery	training.	Numbers	include	all	Citi	staff	who	had	completed	the
2021	training	as	of	December	2021.	(Employees	and	contingent	workers	generally	have	30	days	to	complete	it.)
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
111
