SUPPORTING COVID-19 RESILIENCE THROUGH UNICEF
Healthcare
The global pandemic has exacerbated poverty rates and global inequality, affecting 
millions of children worldwide. The World Bank and the United Nations Children’s 
Fund (UNICEF) were looking for new ways to accelerate funding to meet the 
increasingly urgent needs for their joint pandemic relief programs. 
Citi acted as sole structure and arranger for a first-of-its kind $100 million bond 
transaction from the World Bank’s International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which allowed UNICEF to access capital markets funding to support 
its private sector fundraising activities. The bond gave institutional and high net 
worth investors an opportunity to support UNICEF’s work with children, including 
COVID-19 resilience programs around the world. The cash flows on the bond are 
linked to future donations to UNICEF.
The bond proceeds will support two programs: $50 million will be used by the 
World Bank to finance its sustainable development programs, including projects 
targeting the health and socioeconomic impacts of COVID-19; the other $50 million 
will be allocated to UNICEF to expand programs in 18 countries, targeting future 
funding of up to $450 million.
 
EMPOWERING WOMEN ENTREPRENEURS IN MEXICO 
Economic Inclusion and Diversity & Equity
Women represent one-third of entrepreneurs in Mexico, yet they typically have 
few opportunities to access financial investments for their businesses. In 2021, 
Citi partnered with the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation (DFC) 
and Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) to provide $70 million to 
Banco Compartamos, the largest microfinance institution in Mexico. 
Compartamos, which translates to “let’s share” in Spanish, is using the funding to 
support and empower more than 135,000 small businesses, approximately 90% 
of them women-owned. A portion of the loans is dedicated to the less developed 
regions of the country, including Chiapas, Oaxaca, Guerrero and Puebla. Learn 
more in this video.  
DEVELOPING MORE SUSTAINABLE RAIL LINES 
Sustainable Transportation
The development of a 25-kilometer monorail line is one of the largest construction 
projects in Panama since the expansion of the Panama Canal. Citi acted as sole 
global coordinator and mandated lead arranger for $2 billion in green loans for 
the Panama Metro project on behalf of a consortium of Korean companies led by 
Hyundai Engineering & Construction.
The elevated train line will have initial capacity to transport 18,000 passengers 
per hour in each direction, with an ultimate goal of more than 30,000 passengers 
per hour in each direction. The monorail will incorporate Hitachi’s B-CHOP system, 
which harnesses the train’s regenerative energy to substantially reduce energy 
consumption while the train is in braking mode. The system is expected to cut 
back 20,000 tons of carbon dioxide emissions annually while providing energy for 
future use. 
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
25
