Risk	Management
We employ robust policies and 
practices to thwart corruption, 
address potential environmental 
and social risks in our portfolio, 
and safeguard data and customer 
privacy. These rigorous practices 
enable us to grow a successful, 
respected business that delivers  
the best possible results for 
our clients, customers and 
communities.
Managing Corruption 
and Tax-Related Risks
Anti-Corruption Activities
Citi’s	Financial	Crimes	Unit	includes	the	
Global	Financial	Crimes	Investigations	
and	Intelligence	(GFCII),	Anti-Bribery	
and	Corruption,	Anti-Money	Laundering	
(AML)	and	Sanctions	teams.	Our	Chief	
Compliance	Officer,	who	reports	directly	to	
our	CEO,	provides	regular	reports	on	the	
performance	of	our	compliance	program,	
with	regard	to	these	areas,	to	our	Board	
of	Directors	or	a	committee	of	the	Board,	
as	appropriate.	Through	our	Financial	
Crimes	unit,	Citi	works	to	prevent,	identify	
and	counteract	the	many	and	varied	
corruption-related	risks	that	confront	the	
financial	sector.
For	example,	since	its	inception	in	2018,	
Citi	has	been	an	active	member	of	United	
for	Wildlife’s	Financial	Taskforce,	a	collab-
oration	between	financial	institutions	and	
nongovernmental	organizations	to	fight	
illegal	wildlife	trafficking.	In	2021,	Citi	
worked	with	United	for	Wildlife,	TRAFFIC	
and	two	telecommunications	companies	
to	create	an	illegal	wildlife	trade	country	
threat	profile	outlining	critical	risk	scenarios	
and	indicators	for	countries	in	sub-Saharan	
Africa,	beginning	with	Kenya	as	a	pilot.	
In	addition,	during	2021,	Citi’s	GFCII	
and	Anti-Bribery	and	Corruption	teams	
participated	in	a	working	group	led	by	the	
Organisation	for	Economic	Cooperation	
and	Development	(OECD)	to	develop	a	
credible	certification	framework	for	eval-
uating	infrastructure	projects	under	the	
auspices	of	the	OECD’s	Blue	Dot	Network.	
Once	implemented,	this	framework	will	
set	a	standard	to	develop	market-driven,	
transparent,	financially	sustainable	
development	projects.	The	working	
group	is	made	up	of	leaders	and	experts	
from	the	private	sector,	civil	society	and	
academia	and	is	focused	on	the	following	
core	themes:	investment	efficiency	and	
outcomes,	environmental	and	social	
considerations,	and	transparency	and	
integrity.	Citi	participants	are	shaping	the	
framework	by	sharing	their	expertise	in	
standards,	guidelines	and	practices	related	
to	AML	and	anti-bribery	and	corruption,	
including	third-party	and	advisor/inter-
mediary	risk	management,	procurement	
lobbying,	controls,	risk	assessments,	
metrics,	Financial	Action	Task	Force	guid-
ance	and	customer	due	diligence.
In	2021,	Citi	also	contributed	to	a	multi-
session	workshop	sponsored	by	the	
Terrorism,	Transnational	Crime	and	
Corruption	Center,	in	conjunction	with	
the	Association	of	Certified	Anti-Money	
Laundering	Specialists.	Participants	
included	several	financial	institutions	
and	leading	nonprofit	organizations	with	
expertise	in	environmental	crimes,	such	
as	TRAFFIC	and	key	U.S.	government	
development	agencies	(e.g.,	USAID).	The	
workshops	were	designed	to	address	key	
aspects	of	global	environmental	crime	
and	corruption.	GFCII	provided	several	
presentations	and	led	discussions	on	the	
capability	of	financial	institutions	and	
the	importance	of	information-sharing	
regarding	typologies	and	red	flags,	to	
address	crimes	related	to	environmental,	
social	and	governance	(ESG)	issues.	
As	an	outcome	of	the	roundtable	
discussions,	TRAFFIC	worked	with	GFCII	
to	provide	specialized	training	to	Citi	
employees	in	our	Europe,	Middle	East	and	
Africa	region.	This	included	a	series	of	
webinars	co-hosted	by	Citi,	TRAFFIC	and	
the	Environmental	Investigation	Agency,	
a	nongovernmental	organization	that	
investigates	and	campaigns	against	envi-
ronmental	crime	and	abuse.	The	training	
series	focused	on	how	to	identify	red	flags	
in	client	onboarding	and	transactional	
activity	to	disrupt	the	flow	of	income	
generated	by	environmental	crime.	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
110
