Aim to increase representation in our 
marketing
	•
People	of	color	making	up	at	least		
25%	of	casting	for	Citi	marketing
	•
Aim	for	at	least	25%	of	brand	stories	
highlighting	minority-owned	businesses	
and	organizations	annually
To	cultivate	greater	diversity	and	inclusiv-
ity	in	our	marketing	and	communications,	
we	collaborated	with	Getty	Images	to	
develop	Diversity,	Equity	&	Inclusion	(DE&I)	
Imagery	Toolkits.	Each	toolkit	harnesses	
Getty	Images’	proprietary	data	(Visual	
GPS)	and	Kantar’s	Global	MONITOR	
research	to	provide	marketers,	communi-
cators	and	creatives	with	useful	insights	to	
create	authentic	and	multifaceted	depic-
tions	of	people	in	our	global	marketing	
and	communications.	We	began	rolling	
out	these	toolkits	in	2021,	including	in	the	
United	States,	and	will	launch	in	additional	
markets	in	2022.	The	toolkits	feature	coun-
try-specific	data	and	consumer	insights	to	
capture	cultural	and	regional	nuances,	and	
custom	training	is	provided	to	Citi	employ-
ees	for	each	market.	The	toolkits	will	be	
available	to	the	public	on	the	Getty	Images	
DE&I	Imagery	Toolkit	hub.	
These	initiatives	are	just	some	examples	
of	our	firm-wide	commitment	to	promote	
activities	that	are	in	the	best	interests	of	
our	clients.	More	broadly,	new	products	are	
approved	by	cross-functional	committees	
that	include	senior	executives	from	Risk,	
Legal,	our	Independent	Compliance	Risk	
Management	team	and	other	relevant	units,	
supported	by	specialists	from	Consumer	
Fairness,	as	needed.	Citi	also	does	peri-
odic	testing	or	monitoring	of	marketing	
materials	and	disclosures.	In	addition,	
Personal	Banking	&	Wealth	Management	
has	a	global	approach	for	handling	
customer	complaints	and	concerns	in	a	
timely	and	effective	manner,	in	line	with	our	
commitment	to	provide	financial	services	
responsibly	and	treat	customers	fairly.
 
Helping Customers Give Back
We offer our U.S. cardholders an opportunity to make a difference 
by turning their ThankYou® Points into charitable gifts to nonprofits. 
In 2021, we joined the (RED)EEM initiative which enables eligible 
cardmembers to make donations with PayPal’s Pay with Rewards 
feature and supports organizations working to ensure equitable 
access to COVID-19 testing, treatment and vaccines in the 
world’s poorest countries. We also expanded the list of eligible 
organizations to include Susan G. Komen. The list also includes 
American Red Cross, No Kid Hungry, UNICEF USA and others. 
Since 2014, Citi’s support has also helped No Kid Hungry provide up 
to 290 million meals for the millions of kids facing hunger across 
America. In 2021, Citi encouraged clients to enroll their Citi credit 
cards in the Dine and Do Good campaign. For every $5 or more 
spent dining out, Citi donated $1 to No Kid Hungry until the $1 million 
donation goal was met. Additionally, on Giving Tuesday, Citi engaged 
colleagues and general consumers to help raise enough to provide 
more than 10 million meals in a single day, with Citi’s support alone 
driving 40% of dollars raised.
No Kid Hungry is the only national campaign solely 
dedicated to ending childhood hunger. 
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
122
