sectors.	These	sector-specific	risk	review	
processes	encourage	dialogue	between	
Citi	and	our	clients	about	the	material	envi-
ronmental	and	social	risks	associated	with	
their	operations,	enabling	us	to	develop	a	
better	understanding	of	prevailing	indus-
try	practices	and	our	clients’	performance	
and	to	guide	our	clients	toward	more	
sustainable	practices.
Monitoring the Changing 
Risk Landscape
The	ESRM	team	uses	a	number	of	methods	
to	proactively	scan	the	changing	risk	
landscape	for	new,	emerging	risks,	as	well	
as	risks	with	increased	prominence	and	
prevalence.	Through	internal	research,	
engagement	with	our	regional	ESRM	
Champions,	collaboration	with	others	in	
our	industry,	and	the	use	of	third-party	
environmental	and	social	data,	we	monitor	
relevant	developments	in	high-risk	
industries	and	stakeholder	concerns	to	
flag	emerging	issues.
Proactive	monitoring	enables	us	to	identify	
issues	and	the	interrelated	impacts	of	
various	sectors,	so	we	can	be	responsive	
to	evolving	risks,	raise	awareness	within	
Citi	about	emerging	issues	and	identify	
clients	that	may	be	impacted	for	further	
engagement.	We	are	beginning	to	
incorporate	new	tools	to	scan	for	emerging	
environmental	and	social	risks.	The	team	
has	reviewed	a	range	of	technologies	
for	use	in	our	due	diligence	approach,	
such	as	environmental	DNA	gathering	to	
conduct	biodiversity	baseline	studies	and	
benchmark	improvements	in	biodiversity	
values	over	time.	This	technique	enables	
the	analysis	of	DNA	in	water	or	soil	
samples	to	identify	the	fauna	living	in	a	
given	project	area	without	the	need	to	
visually	verify	their	presence.		
Another	way	we	monitor	risk	is	by	conduct-
ing	sector-specific	reviews	to	identify	and	
mitigate	emerging	risks	in	our	existing	
portfolio.	These	evaluations	are	based	on	
information	published	or	provided	by	the	
client	as	well	as	information	from	special-
ized	ESG	rating	agencies	and	topic-specific	
databases.	This	process	enables	us	to	
better	understand	how	our	clients	manage	
environmental	and	social	issues	and	
provides	valuable	insight	into	the	level	of	
related	risk	across	our	portfolio.	In	2021,	
we	conducted	reviews	of	our	mining,	oil	
and	gas,	and	power	portfolios	as	well	as	a	
portfolio	review	of	our	clients	in	Malaysia	
related	to	human	rights.	
PROTECTING BIODIVERSITY AND ADDRESSING RESETTLEMENT CONCERNS IN PANAMA CITY
In 2021, Citi, in coordination with other financial institutions, closed a $2 billion transaction to finance Metro Line 3, 
an expansion of Panama City’s metro system. Citi worked with Consorcio HPH,  a consortium of Korean companies 
responsible for the construction of Metro Line 3. Because this is a project-related corporate loan for more than  
$50 million, due diligence processes required an independent review before the close of the transaction. Consorcio HPH 
and the lenders engaged environmental and social consultant, ERM, to evaluate the project’s environmental and social 
impacts and benchmark management plans against international standards. This due diligence revealed two primary 
risks related to the project: potential biodiversity impacts and physical/economic displacement of individuals and 
businesses along the path of the new metro line. 
To address biodiversity concerns and align the project with IFC Performance Standard 6 for biodiversity, ERM performed 
a Critical Habitat Assessment to study potential impacts on migratory and/or congregatory species within the project’s 
area of influence. ERM identified an Important Bird Area, including habitat for species such as the broad-winged hawk, 
Swainson’s hawk and turkey vulture. The assessment revealed that a small area of Critical Habitat (0.54 hectare) would 
be directly impacted by the project. In order to ensure a net gain of critical habitat and no net-loss of natural habitat, 
Consorcio HPH will implement reforestation and biodiversity monitoring programs to measure results.    
After a review of impacts related to resettlement and livelihood displacement, it was determined that the project’s need 
for resettlement would be minimal. Nonetheless, Consorcio HPH is working with Metro de Panama S.A. (MPSA) to ensure 
that proper protocols are followed when engaging with residents about the need for resettlement, attaining willing seller 
consent, providing adequate compensation and developing livelihood restoration plans for those who may be impacted. 
MPSA is also working with a social consultant to enhance its local resettlement process to align with international 
best practice, including the IFC Performance Standard 5 for resettlement. As an additional precaution, the project’s 
construction schedule is tied to review by ERM and the lenders to ensure that resettlement risks are fully assessed and 
benchmarked before construction begins in areas where resettlement or displacement may occur.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
117
