Serving	Our	Customers		
and	Clients	Responsibly
We have policies and systems 
in place to help ensure that we 
always treat customers responsi-
bly and fairly, such as our Code of 
Conduct and the internal checks 
and balances we employ when 
creating new products.
Responsible Marketing
We	are	committed	to	offering	clients	an	
array	of	products	and	services	based	on	
their	needs,	wants	and	preferences,	while	
adhering	to	our	internal	policies	and	proce-
dures	as	well	as	applicable	laws	and	regula-
tions.	We	work	diligently	to	clearly	disclose	
all	features	and	terms	and	conditions,	
including	applicable	fees	and	charges,	for	
the	products	and	services	offered,	so	that	
clients	can	select	and	use	the	products	or	
services	best	suited	to	them.
Our	chosen	name	initiative	for	U.S.	
Branded	credit	card	members	offers	
transgender	and	nonbinary	customers	the	
ability	to	use	their	chosen	first	name	on	
their	eligible	card	and	within	our	servicing	
channels.	As	of	early	2022,	more	than	
22,000	customers	had	updated	their	first	
name	on	their	physical	credit	cards,	and	
citi.com/updatemyname	had	received	
more	than	210,000	visits.	Most	impor-
tantly,	we’ve	received	notes	like	this	from	
customers:	“I	wish	that	there	was	some-
thing	like	this	when	I	began	my	transition.	
This	will	remove	one	of	the	many	worries	
that	we	have	all	had	when	we	were	intro-
ducing	our	true	selves	to	the	world.”
To	celebrate	the	launch	of	the	chosen	
name	initiative,	we	created	an	advertising	
campaign	featuring	people	from	across	
the	gender	diversity	spectrum,	both	in		
front	of	and	behind	the	camera.	This	initia-
tive	has	been	a	significant	step	forward	in	
helping	this	community	feel	recognized,	
accepted	and	empowered.	In	recognition	
of	its	impact,	the	initiative	was	honored	
as	one	of	Fast	Company’s	2021	World	
Changing	Ideas.
Another	example	of	how	we	continue	to	
amplify	our	purpose-driven	initiatives	is	
through	Citi’s	global,	mission-led	part-
nership	with	the	International	Paralympic	
Committee,	which	focuses	on	positively	
changing	societal	perceptions	of	people	
with	disabilities.	Over	the	past	several	
years	of	our	partnership,	Citi	sponsored	23	
National	Paralympic	Committees	and	more	
than	50	Para	athletes	across	the	globe	in	
their	quest	to	compete	at	the	highest	level.
In	Summer	2021,	we	celebrated	our	Team	
Citi	Para	athletes	and	showed	the	world	
that	“It’s	Okay	to	Stare”	at	the	talents	and	
accomplishments	of	the	disability	commu-
nity	through	the	#StareAtGreatness	
campaign.	Our	advertising	and	social	
media	campaign	successfully	raised	
awareness	of	the	incredible	achievements	
of	these	athletes	and	others	within	the	
disability	community,	earning	recognition	
as	a	finalist	in	two	categories	at	the	2022	
Halo	Awards.	In	early	2022,	Citi	extended	
the	#StareAtGreatness	campaign	with	15	
sponsored	Team	Citi	Winter	Para	athletes	
to	continue	driving	conversations	around	
the	world.
As	part	of	Citi’s	Action for Racial Equity	
goals,	we	are	collaborating	with	our	
agency	partners	to	increase	the	percent-
age	of	people	of	color	working	on	Citi	
accounts	and	to	increase	representation	
of	people	of	color	in	our	marketing.	By	
the	end	of	2023,	we	aspire	to	achieve	the	
following:
Aim to increase representation in the 
agencies we work with
	•
People	of	color	making	up	at	least	25%	
of	the	agency	teams	working	on	Citi	
accounts
	•
People	of	color	comprising	at	least		
8%	of	senior	agency	leadership,	in	line	
with	Citi’s	own	commitment
DESIGNING FOR ACCESSIBILITY
As we strive to put all customers at the center of what we do, we recognize 
the importance of providing products and services that meet accessibility 
needs and preferences. The videos our U.S. Branded Cards business creates 
to heighten customer comprehension of key topics are designed to be fully 
accessible. This includes real-time descriptive transcripts, embedded closed 
captions and content readability.
In addition, we offer Braille and talking ATMs, large print and Braille 
statements and raised-line checks for the visually impaired. We also offer 
TTY or Text Telephone for the hard of hearing. Many of our services are 
provided in multiple languages to support the diverse populations we serve, 
and our products are tailored to meet the needs of the individuals in the 
countries where we do business.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
121
