Assurance
 
GP5024 Issue 2  
 
CONCLUSIONS WITH REGARDS TO EQUATOR PRINCIPLES REPORTING DATA FOR 2021 
In our opinion the “Citi’s 2021 ESG Report” reported information of the Equator Principles, as detailed at the 
section “2021 Projects Covered by Equator Principles” and is presented in accordance with the Equator 
Principles IV (EP4), Annex B “Minimum Reporting Requirements”. 
 
SGS based this opinion in the review of Citi’s internal documents and a sample of EP-covered financial 
products and their respective EP checklists and Independent Reviews. 
 
Citigroup Inc. reported information is aligned to the EP Reporting Criteria requirements as follows: 
 
• 
Public Reporting of the EP-covered financial products separately: Project Finance Advisory Services, 
Project Finance Loans, Project-Related Corporate Loans, Bridge Loans and Project-Related Refinance 
and Project-Related Acquisition Finance. There were only Project Finance Loans and PRCL in 2021. 
• 
The loans were categorized as A, B or C, dependent on the environmental and social risks posed.  
• 
Total number of Project Finance Loans and Project-Related Corporate Loans that reached Financial 
Close during the reporting period (2021) 
• 
The Project Finance Loans and Project-Related Corporate Loans were broken down by: Sector, 
Region, Country Designation, and whether an whether an Independent Review has been carried out. 
• 
Independent review is required for A projects and, for B projects when needed. Both Project Finance 
transactions were category B, and both had an Independent Review. 
• 
The EP transactions were over the threshold of: 
o 
10 million USD for Project Capital Cost required in the Equator Principles IV for project 
finance loans, and  
o 
Over 50 million USD for Project-Related Corporate Loans (total aggregate loan amount and 
the EPFI’s individual commitment) in the Equator Principles IV 
 
• 
It was identified the transactions which their combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions are expected 
to be more than 100,000 tonnes of CO2 equivalent annually. In these cases, an annual GHG 
emissions report and a climate change risk assessment is requested for the transaction. 
 
Lead Assessor : Ursula Antunez  
 
 
 
Pamela Chadwick  
Business Manager  
SGS UK Ltd  
 
Lead Sustainability Report Assuror: Ursula Antunez de Mayolo Corzo 
Date: 21st March of 2022 
 
www.sgs.com 
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
182
