discrimination,	harassment	and	retaliation.	
Managers	are	expected	to	reinforce	the	
importance	of	following	our	Leadership	
Principles,	Code	of	Conduct	and	Mission	
and	Value	Proposition,	as	well	as	to	
encourage	employees	to	speak	up	and	
raise	any	concerns	about	potential	legal	
or	ethical	issues.	Managers	must	properly	
resolve	or	promptly	escalate	concerns	
through	appropriate	channels,	promote	
awareness	of	all	resources	available	for	
reporting	concerns	and	neither	engage	in,	
nor	tolerate,	retaliation	of	any	kind.
Escalating Business and 
Ethical Concerns
Each	member	of	our	workforce	plays	a	crit-
ical	role	in	escalating	business	and	ethical	
concerns	so	that	they	can	be	addressed	
quickly	and	effectively.	Citi’s	Code	of	
Conduct	emphasizes	the	principle	that,	
when	in	doubt,	employees	should	always	err	
on	the	side	of	escalation.	Our	Code	provides	
an	overview	of	the	types	of	misconduct	
and	concerns	that	require	escalation	and	
the	resources	available	to	employees	for	
prompt	escalation	of	concerns,	as	well	
as	a	link	to	the	full	Citi	Escalation	Policy,	
which	provides	even	more	information	for	
employees	about	escalation	requirements	
and	resources.
As	part	of	Citi’s	escalation	resources,	the	
Ethics	Hotline	provides	multiple	channels	
for	employees	and	any	third	party,	includ-
ing	members	of	the	general	public,	to	
report	concerns	about	unethical	behavior	
to	Citi’s	Ethics	Office.	In	addition	to	internal	
and	public-facing	websites	(enhanced	in	
January	2022	with	upgraded	features)	
that	facilitate	submission	of	concerns,	a	
telephone	line	is	available	24	hours	a	day,	
seven	days	a	week,	with	live	operators	
who	can	connect	to	translators	in	multiple	
languages.
We	believe	it	is	essential	that	individuals	
feel	secure	when	raising	a	concern.	All	
contacts	to	the	Ethics	Office	and	Ethics	
Office	investigations	are	treated	as	
confidentially	as	possible,	consistent	with	
the	need	to	investigate	and	address	the	
matter,	and	subject	to	applicable	laws	and	
regulations.	Concerns	may	be	raised	either	
anonymously	or	with	attribution,	subject	
to	applicable	laws	and	regulations.	Further,	
Citi	prohibits	any	form	of	retaliation	against	
anyone	who	raises	a	concern	or	question	
regarding	ethics,	discrimination	or	harass-
ment	matters,	as	well	as	against	anyone	
who	participates	in	a	subsequent	investiga-
tion.	Employees	who	engage	in	retaliation	
against	a	colleague	because	they	raised	a	
concern	or	question,	asked	for	a	reasonable	
accommodation,	reported	a	violation	or	
was	involved	in	an	investigation	are	subject	
to	disciplinary	action,	up	to	and	including	
termination	of	employment	or	other	rela-
tionship	with	Citi.
ASSESSING OUR CULTURE OF ETHICS
Hearing from employees is one important way we assess the strength of ethics 
and accountability across our company. As part of Citi’s annual Voice of the 
Employee survey, we include an Ethical Culture Index to gather feedback from 
employees about the following items:
• Comfort with reporting unethical practices without fear of reprisal
• A feeling of accountability to identify and escalate issues
• Confidence that Citi will act upon reported legal or ethical violations
• A belief that colleagues act with integrity
• Manager encouragement of ethical conduct even in the face of pressure
Index results stayed stable in 2021, with 91% of our employees responding 
positively to the index. We will continue to listen to our employees and raise 
the bar in this area.
Staying on Top of Your Ethical Game
Through our global Ethical Fitness Challenge, led by our Executive Management 
Team, we provided employees with the equipment they needed to get in their 
best ethical shape. Through this campaign, we released a series of eight modules 
over three years, incorporating senior leader videos, case studies and knowledge 
checks, as well as support to help managers guide conversations around each 
topic. Each part in the series highlighted a different element of ethical fitness, 
such as behavior rationalization, the importance of speaking up, misplaced loyalty 
and finding clarity in ethical situations. This campaign concluded in 2021, with 
a required training for all employees to consolidate and reinforce key themes 
presented over the course of the campaign.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
108
