Reporting and Self- 
Assessment Requirements 
High-Level Summary of Bank’s Response
References
1.2 Describe how your bank has aligned 
and/or is planning to align its strategy 
to be consistent with and contribute 
to society’s goals, as expressed in the 
SDGs, the Paris Agreement, and relevant 
national and regional frameworks.
Many of our activities support the SDGs, including sustainable finance such 
as renewable energy project finance and public sector finance; corporate 
philanthropy; Citi Impact Fund investments; inclusive finance activity and 
employee diversity programs. Citi is also part of the Global Investors for 
Sustainable Development (GISD) Alliance, which is committed to accelerating 
the financing of the SDGs.
Examples of our initiatives that align with and contribute to society’s goals are 
summarized below:
$1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Commitment
In 2021 we announced our $1 trillion sustainable finance by 2030 commitment. 
This extends our prior five-year, $250 Billion Environmental Finance Goal to 
$500 Billion by 2030, and includes a $500 Billion Social Finance Goal towards 
financing in areas such as affordable basic infrastructure, affordable housing, 
diversity and equity and economic inclusion, among others. 
Sustainable Progress Strategy
Climate change is integrated into the three pillars of our Sustainable Progress 
Strategy: 
• Low-Carbon Transition: our work to finance and facilitate low-carbon 
solutions and support our clients in their decarbonization and transition 
strategies
• Climate Risk: our efforts to measure, manage and reduce the climate risk and 
impacts of our client portfolio
• Sustainable Operations: our efforts to reduce the environmental footprint of 
our facilities and further integrate sustainable practices across our global 
operations
Fossil Fuel Sector Approaches 
Under our Environmental and Social Risk Management (ESRM) Policy, we have 
updated our Sector Approaches for fossil fuel industries, such as thermal coal 
mining, coal-fired power and Arctic oil and gas. We have included a commitment 
to eliminate our exposure to thermal coal mining companies by 2030, as well as 
requirements for clients with coal-fired power generation to engage with Citi on 
low-carbon transition strategies. 
Net Zero Commitment
In 2021, Citi announced its commitment to net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions by 2050, including net zero GHG emissions for its operations by 
2030. In early 2022, we released our initial net zero plan, baseline emissions 
and 2030 emissions reduction targets for our Energy and Power loan portfolios. 
Action for Racial Equity
As part of our Action for Racial Equity, Citi and the Citi Foundation have 
committed $1 billion in strategic initiatives through 2023 to help close the racial 
wealth gap.
Citi Impact Fund 
We established the Citi Impact Fund, through which we are investing in “double 
bottom line” companies that are addressing societal challenges and have 
expanded this fund over recent years. 
Pathways to Progress 
Citi and the Citi Foundation’s Pathways to Progress initiative aims to build 
job skills and equip young people, particularly those from underserved 
communities, with the skills and networks for improved economic opportunity. 
In addition to the examples above, Citi has adopted or publicly endorsed a 
large number of external principles and standards that inform our approach to 
sustainable finance and risk management and allow us to provide innovative 
financial services that enable growth and economic progress while meeting our 
responsibilities to people and the planet. Please refer to our Environmental and 
Social Policy Framework for a full list.
2021 ESG Report:
• Citi and the Sustainable 
Development Goals
• Sustainable Finance
• Sustainable Progress 
• Climate Risk and Net Zero
• Equitable and Resilient  
Communities
• Citi Impact Fund
External References:
• Action for Racial Equity
• Environmental and Social Policies
• Environmental and Social Policy 
Framework
• Net Zero Commitment
• Sustainable Progress Strategy
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
156
