Financing	the	Low-Carbon	Transition
One of the core elements of our 
Sustainable Progress Strategy is 
our commitment to finance and 
facilitate activities that accelerate 
the transition to a low-carbon 
economy. We doubled our previous 
commitment of $250 billion 
by 2025 and set an ambitious 
$1 trillion sustainable finance 
commitment by 2030 — half for 
environmental finance and half  
for social finance. 
But	it’s	not	just	about	financing	and	
facilitating	transactions.	Working	collabo-
ratively	with	our	clients	in	decarbonizing	
and	helping	them	in	their	transitions	is	
a	central	focus	of	our	net	zero	plan.	We	
believe	systemic	collaboration	is	essential	
for	the	global	economy	to	reach	net	
zero	emissions.	We	are	already	engaging	
with	numerous	clients	with	respect	to	
their	climate	exposure	profile.	We	intend	
to	deepen	our	engagement	with	them	
to	understand	their	transition	plans	in	
greater	detail	as	those	plans	evolve	and	
help	them	in	their	strategies	to	realize	
opportunities	inherent	in	transitioning	to	a	
low-carbon	world.	
Transforming Our 
Business to Support a 
Low-Carbon Economy
Climate	change	has	become	a	C-suite	
issue	for	clients	in	all	sectors	of	the	global	
economy,	in	terms	of	growth	opportunities	
and	risk	management,	and	ESG	consider-
ations	are	increasingly	part	of	our	business	
conversations.	To	support	client	needs,	
we	have	expanded	our	client	engagement	
offerings	across	our	business	to	offer	
strategic	sustainability	and	ESG	services	
and	solutions.
Our	business	groups	are	focused	on	
helping	clients	in	all	sectors,	no	matter	
where	they	are	in	their	own	sustainability	
journeys.	We	offer	customized	products	
and	services	to	support	clients	in	their	
transition	to	more	sustainable	business	
models	and	practices	that	will	advance	
progress	toward	a	low-carbon	future.
Within	Banking, Capital Markets and 
Advisory (BCMA),	sustainability	and	ESG	
is	being	integrated	into	our	businesses	
and	client	engagements.	We	engage	with	
C-suite	executives,	boards	of	directors	
and	treasury	teams	on	strategic	financing	
using	a	sustainability	lens,	providing	
insights	about	industry	transformations,	
trends	and	sustainability	risks	and	
opportunities.	
In	early	2021,	we	created	the	Natural	
Resources	&	Clean	Energy	Transition	
(NRCET)	team	to	drive	client	engagement	
efforts	in	the	Energy,	Power	and	Chemicals	
sectors.	This	team	unites	seasoned	corpo-
rate	and	investment	bankers	with	deep	
knowledge	of	these	sectors	under	a	single	
umbrella	to	assist	our	clients	with	the	net	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
33
