Our Employee Networks in Action: 2021
Our Employee Network chapters serve as local representatives of our Affinities. Initiated and led by colleagues at 
our work sites, the Networks offer professional development, mentoring, networking and community engagement 
opportunities to members and colleagues. Consistent with our inclusive culture, Employee Network chapters are open 
to all Citi employees, regardless of whether they identify with a particular Affinity. Each of our nine Affinities is co-led 
by a member of our CEO’s leadership team. The number of our global Employee Network chapters increased from 198 
in 2020 to 226 in 2021, while the total number of unique members in the groups increased from 21,420 to 26,950 
globally. The following are some examples of our colleagues’ experiences from participating in our Affinities.
I always feel my intersectionality 
being a woman, an Asian and an 
immigrant is celebrated at Citi, 
and my perspectives are valued 
by my co-workers. I received 
overwhelming support from 
our senior leaders when I first 
approached them with the idea to 
initiate an Asian Heritage Network 
in Canada. Working remotely and 
separated from families during 
the pandemic have been very 
challenging for many in the Asian 
communities, who experienced or 
witnessed race-based abuse, hate 
and even violence. Citi’s Affinity 
networks have created a safe 
space for us to share emotions and 
offer support to each other. Being 
able to support my community at 
work adds a sense of purpose and 
belonging for me.” 
In addition to learning even more about my own culture as a part 
of the Black Heritage Network, I have also been able to expand 
my network, increase my exposure to Citi leaders and focus on 
career development through many of the lessons learned from the 
network’s events and sessions. This is also true regarding all of 
the employee networks sponsored by Citi. Citi truly exemplifies 
a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture through the Employee 
Network program and through the act of investing in cultures and 
communities within and beyond our Citi walls.”
Asian Heritage
Black Heritage
STELLA YU, TORONTO 
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
HUMAN RESOURCES
KATRINA GERALD, CHARLOTTE, N.C. 
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, PERSONAL  
BANKING & WEALTH MANAGEMENT
“
“
A veteran Citi employee, who is now my mentor, reached out to 
me when I was in college and helped me get my foot in the door at 
Citi. That kindness toward veterans really resonated with me, and 
I immediately began getting involved with Citi Salutes and North 
America Service Initiative groups. I started off small by taking on 
volunteer responsibilities such as our USO Bike Build and Thank 
You Card events, and with each new opportunity I was able to 
meet so many unique people who also wanted to help veterans. I 
am proud to serve as the Citi Salutes New York Chapter co-chair 
and always look forward to working with our other New York-based 
networks.” 
Citi Salutes®
GRAHAM LEWIS, NEW YORK 
ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT,  
INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTS GROUP
“
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
92
