Our	bipartisan	Government	Affairs	team	
and	the	Citi	PAC	Board	will	consider	
whether	contributions	meet	the	strength-
ened	criteria	going	forward.
Safeguarding Data 
and Protecting 
Customer Information
As	digital	solutions	expand	and	become	
more	integrated	into	our	daily	lives,	we	
see	increasing	concerns	related	to	privacy	
and	security	breaches.	Data	security	and	
customer	privacy	are	top	priorities	for	Citi	
and	for	our	stakeholders.	The	COVID-19	
pandemic	has	led	to	an	even	greater		
reliance	on	digital	technologies,	which	
makes	safeguarding	data	and	customer	
information	even	more	vital.
Cybersecurity
Citi’s	Chief	Information	Security	Office	
(CISO)	organization	ensures	that	an	appro-
priate	level	of	cybersecurity	governance,	
capabilities	and	controls	are	in	place	to	
protect	Citi’s	and	our	clients’	information	
assets,	with	end-to-end	accountability	
across	the	firm.	Our	approach	rests	on	
ensuring	we	have	the	right	architecture,	
technology,	policies,	processes	and	talent	
in	place	to	prevent,	detect,	respond	to	and	
recover	from	cyber	threats	quickly.
Our	Cybersecurity	Program	is	overseen	by	
Citi’s	Board	of	Directors	and	is	regularly	
reviewed	by	regulators,	as	well	as	by	inter-
nal	and	external	auditors.	The	program	
is	managed	by	the	Chief	Enterprise	
Operations	&	Technology	Officer	and	
the	Chief	Information	Security	Officer	
on	a	global	enterprise	basis;	the	Chief	
Executives	of	each	business	sector	and	
region	are	responsible	for	implementation	
and	compliance	with	program	require-
ments.	Annually,	we	provide	our	employees	
with	training	on	how	to	properly	handle	
and	maintain	the	security	and	privacy	of	
Citi’s	and	our	clients’	information.
During	2021,	Citi’s	cybersecurity	team	
organized	a	series	of	preparedness	
exercises	for	employees,	including	
cybersecurity	scenarios	for	global	
functions	and	lines	of	business	across	
both	our	Institutional	Clients	Group	and	
Personal	Banking	&	Wealth	Management	
divisions.	Due	to	the	continued	impact	
of	COVID-19,	these	events	were	again	
conducted	remotely.	During	the	year,	
we	saw	continued	growth	in	demand	
from	senior	executives	for	cybersecurity	
exercises.	The	Citi	cybersecurity	team	
conducted	a	series	of	linked	exercises	for	
our	various	regions,	culminating	with	an	
exercise	for	our	CEO	and	Global	Operating	
team.	Citi’s	Cybersecurity	Fusion	Center	
participated	in	these	global	cybersecurity	
exercises	and	conducted	additional	drills	
dedicated	to	its	operations.
To	safeguard	information,	we	invest	in	
and	develop	advanced	security	solutions	
that	allow	us	to	better	support	our	
digital	strategy.	For	instance,	we	are	
implementing	a	multifaceted	approach	to	
move	toward	password-less	capabilities,	
including	biometric	options	such	as	voice	
recognition	or	fingerprints.	These	solutions	
create	a	frictionless	and	more	secure	
experience	for	both	internal	and	external	
users.	In	addition,	Citi	has	invested	in	
next-generation	security	components	
that	support	digital	and	mobile	growth,	
by	enabling	enhanced	security	features	
for	our	mobile	applications.	Further	
investments	in	advanced	technology	have	
provided	Citi	with	improved	cyber	incident	
monitoring,	detection	and	response	
capabilities,	strengthening	the	bank’s	
cybersecurity	posture.
Citi	conducts	regular	cybersecurity	risk	
assessments	and	has	internal	controls	to	
defend	against	cybersecurity	breaches.	
We	maintain	technology	and	cybersecurity	
policies	based	on	established	industry	
standards	and	employ	robust	technol-
ogies	to	protect	our	data	and	systems,	
supported	by	a	strong	team	with	deep	
expertise	from	industry	and	government.	
Our	CISO	team	safeguards	information	
from	data	breaches	and	misuse	by	
maintaining	secure	networks	to	protect	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
113
