Accountability, Culture  
and Talent
Our	transformation	is	underpinned	by	
a	fundamental	reset	of	our	approach	to	
culture	and	talent,	to	strengthen	risk	
management	and	our	control	environ-
ment.	We	believe	this	will	allow	us	to	build	
a	culture	of	excellence	in	which	we	each	
take	ownership	for	managing	risk	and	
controls	and	where	we	continue	to	take	
pride	in	working	together	to	always	do	
the	right	thing	for	our	clients,	colleagues	
and	communities.
To	achieve	this,	we	introduced	a	new	set	
of	Leadership	Principles	in	2021,	to	help	
us	embed	the	behaviors	and	conditions	
we	need	in	order	to	sustain	the	changes	
we	are	making	as	part	of	our	transfor-
mation.	To	further	embed	the	Leadership	
Principles,	Citi	is	deploying	a	three-year,	
firm-wide	culture	change	program,	
designed	to	change	the	way	we	work	by	
introducing	small,	everyday	habits	that	
we	can	all	adopt	to	make	Citi	a	stronger,	
simpler	and	more	enjoyable	place	to	work.	
We	are	working	to	ensure	that	we	have	the	
right	number	of	employees	with	the	right	
skills	in	place	to	achieve	risk	and	control	
excellence,	and	that	we	use	our	employee	
development	programs,	promotion	and	
performance	management	processes	and	
compensation	to	reinforce	and	incentivize	
that	excellence.	Our	compensation	struc-
ture	captures	individual	impacts	on	risk	
and	control,	and	each	of	our	employees	
has	a	related	performance	goal	they	are	
working	toward.	
Ethics and Culture  
at Citi
Each	of	our	employees	shares	a	common	
responsibility	to	earn	and	maintain	our	
clients’	trust	by	applying	our	values	and	
principles	every	day,	to	everything	they	
do,	wherever	Citi	operates.	We	expect	our	
employees	to	prioritize	excellence	—	for	our	
clients,	in	our	operations,	and	in	our	risk	
and	controls	environment	—	and	to	provide	
our	products,	services	and	expertise	in	
a	systemically	responsible	manner,	while	
complying	with	all	applicable	laws,	regu-
lations	and	Citi	policies.	To	reinforce	this,	
we	establish	and	communicate	our	core	
values	and	principles	through	our	Mission	
and	Value	Proposition,	our	Leadership	
Principles,	Citi’s	Code	of	Conduct,	various	
training	and	development	opportunities,	
employee	engagement	initiatives	and	
communications	from	our	senior	leaders.
Tone from the Top
We	foster	a	culture	of	ethics	through	
our	governance	framework,	programs	
and	efforts	that	embed	our	culture	and	
expectations	for	behavior	throughout	
the	organization.	Our	approach	begins	
with	a	strong	“tone	from	the	top,”	start-
ing	with	our	Board	of	Directors.	With	
oversight	from	the	Ethics,	Conduct	and	
Culture	Committee	of	the	Board,	our	
senior	leaders	consistently	reinforce	a	
culture	of	ethics,	appropriate	conduct	and	
accountability	within	the	organization,	and	
empower	our	employees	to	make	ethical	
decisions,	escalate	issues	and	adhere	to	
Citi’s	standards	of	conduct.
WE ASK OUR COLLEAGUES GLOBALLY TO ENSURE THAT THEIR 
DECISIONS PASS THREE TESTS:
• They are in our clients’ interests.
• They create economic value.
• They are always systemically responsible.
These three tests help our colleagues to responsibly deliver on our core 
activities of safeguarding assets, lending money, making payments and 
accessing capital markets on behalf of our clients — each of which creates an 
obligation to act with integrity, to do everything possible to create the best 
outcomes for our clients, and to prudently manage risk. The tests demon-
strate our commitment to using good judgment and taking pride in doing the 
right thing — even when it’s not the easiest thing.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
106
