In	addition	to	increasing	our	spend	with	
diverse	suppliers,	we	have	an	Action for 
Racial Equity	commitment	to	strengthen	
Citi’s	policies	and	practices	to	become	an	
anti-racist	institution.	This	includes	expand-
ing	Citi’s	capital	market	activities	with	
minority-owned	broker-dealers	to	assist	
with	business	and	franchise	development.	
In	2021,	we	engaged	diverse	broker-
dealers	to	participate	in	92%	of	Citi’s	
benchmark	debt	issuances,	including	100%	
of	our	USD	transactions.	During	the	year,	
we	also	issued	our	first	Citi	Social	Finance	
bond,	with	a	notional	value	of	$1	billion.	
For	this	transaction,	we	worked	with	a	
syndicate	of	minority-	and	women-owned	
businesses,	of	which	Black-owned	broker-
dealers	comprised	approximately	20%.	In	
addition,	to	commemorate	Martin	Luther	
King	Jr.	Day,	we	worked	exclusively	with	
Black-owned	broker-dealers	to	syndicate	a	
$2.5	billion	bond	issuance.	
To	promote	additional	opportunities,	we	
host	an	annual	breakfast,	during	which	
our	diverse	broker-dealers	can	share	best	
practices	and	network	with	Citi	leaders.	
Women-Owned Businesses
Citi	is	committed	to	procuring	goods	and	
services	from	women-owned	businesses	
and	identifying	opportunities	for	these	
firms,	with	an	emphasis	in	developing	
markets.	In	2021,	we	procured	$172	million	
in	goods	and	services	from	women-owned	
businesses.
During	2021,	Citi	participated	in	
WEConnect	International	sessions	for	
women-owned	businesses	globally,	
that	emphasized	diversity	and	supply	
chain	development	and	sustainability.	
We	also	joined	WEConnect	matchmaker	
and	supplier	showcase	sessions	in	Latin	
America	that	enabled	women-owned	
businesses	to	present	their	capabilities	
and	make	connections	with	Citi’s	procure-
ment	colleagues.	Similarly,	Citi	Indonesia	
was	part	of	capacity-building	workshops	
held	by	WEConnect	to	strengthen	market	
access	for	women-owned	businesses.	
We	worked	with	the	Women’s	Business	
Enterprise	National	Council	(WBENC)	to	
expand	our	Bridge	built	by	CitiSM	program,	a	
lending	platform	that	connects	businesses	
with	local	banks	for	loans.	Through	this	
partnership,	Citi	collaborated	with	WBENC	
to	identify	more	than	2,000	women-owned	
businesses	based	in	locations	where	the	
Bridge	built	by	Citi	program	lending	oppor-
tunity	is	available	to	them.	
Additionally,	we	rolled	out	an	initiative	with	
our	major	IT	suppliers	in	India	to	further	
the	participation	of	women	in	technology.	
This	included	sessions	with	suppliers	to	
discuss	best	practices	for	recruitment,	
hiring,	retention	and	career	progression	
for	women,	as	well	as	a	“Return	to	Career”	
program	focused	on	bringing	women	back	
into	the	workforce	who	were	on	sabbatical	
or	long	leave.	
Our	efforts	to	support	women-owned	
businesses	align	with	SDG 5: Achieve 
gender equality and empower all women 
and girls.	Our	work	in	this	area	helps	
address	target	5.5,	which	aims	to	ensure 
women’s full and effective participation 
and equal opportunities for leadership at 
all levels of decision-making in political, 
economic, and public life.		
SDG Goal 5: Gender Equality 
Building Capabilities  
of Diverse Suppliers
The	SCDIS	team	provides	U.S.-based	small	
firms	and	women-,	veteran-,	disability-,	
LGBTQ+-	and	minority-owned	businesses	
access	to	business	opportunities,	training	
and	mentoring.	Our	team	identifies	diverse	
suppliers,	including	small	businesses	
that	can	meet	our	supply	chain	needs,	
then	subsequently	works	to	build	their	
capabilities.
In	2021,	we	established	our	Mentor-
Protégé	program,	designed	to	strengthen	
our	diverse	suppliers’	capabilities	and	
expand	their	opportunities	both	inside	and	
outside	Citi.	Through	this	program,	Citi	
connects	established	Tier	1	suppliers	with	
minority-,	Black-,	and/or	women-owned	
Tier	2	suppliers	in	a	mentoring	relation-
ship.	This	provides	smaller,	diverse	suppli-
ers	with	an	opportunity	to	gain	valuable	
experience	in	financial	services	and	build	
important	skills	to	help	them	compete	in	
the	marketplace.	One	successful	pairing	
within	this	program	is	that	of	mentor	
company	Tata	Consultancy	Services	(TCS),	
a	Tier	1	supplier	offering	IT	&	Operations	
services	to	Citi,	and	protégé	firm	
Technology	Concepts	Group	International	
(TCGi),	a	Black-,	woman-owned	supplier	
that	provides	IT	services	to	TCS	for	the	
benefit	of	Citi.	The	unique	element	of	this	
pairing	is	that	TCS	has	contextualized	and	
structured	the	mentorship	around	TCGi’s	
current	challenges	and	shifted	gears	from	
COLLABORATING TO BUILD SUPPLIER DIVERSITY
In addition to advancing our own supplier diversity, our SCDIS team engages 
with others to support broader supplier diversity efforts. Our memberships 
with mission-centric organizations include the National LGBT Chamber of 
Commerce, WEConnect International, WBENC and the National Minority 
Supplier Development Council (NMSDC) along with several of its global part-
ners, including the Canadian Aboriginal and Minority Supplier Council, the 
South African Supplier Diversity Council, Minority Supplier Development UK 
and Supply Nation in Australia.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
135
