Providing Access  
to Remedy
The	UN	Guiding	Principles	call	on	
governments	and	companies	to	play	their	
respective	roles	in	ensuring	that	victims	of	
human	rights	abuse	have	access	to	effec-
tive	remedy.	Remedy	can	take	many	differ-
ent	forms,	including	apologies,	financial	
or	nonfinancial	compensation,	or	efforts	
to	prevent	future	harm	through	policy	
commitments	and	changes	in	operational	
practice.	The	purpose	of	remedy	is	to	help	
make	victims	whole	again	or	to	restore	
them,	as	much	as	possible,	to	their	lives	
and	enjoyment	of	their	rights	before	those	
rights	were	violated.	Remedy	can	also	help	
ensure	that	they	and	others	will	not	suffer	
similar	harm	in	the	future.
When	we	are	made	aware	of	a	potentially	
severe	adverse	human	rights	impact,	
our	approach	to	remedy	usually	involves	
working	with	clients	to	ensure	they	have	the	
right	policies	in	place	and	that	channels	are	
available	to	enable	victims	to	lodge	griev-
ances.	In	addition,	in	line	with	our	ability	
to	prioritize	adverse	impacts	based	on	
severity,	we	will	encourage	clients	to	follow	
up	on	allegations	and	to	have	established	
processes	to	offer	remedy	or	to	cooperate	
with	authorities	to	make	sure	effective	
remedy	is	provided.	For	example,	in	2021,	
as	the	result	of	our	portfolio	review	in	
Malaysia	related	to	forced	labor	and	related	
client	engagement,	several	clients	have	
improved	their	practices	in	this	area,	or	
are	in	the	process	of	doing	so,	by	providing	
workers	compensation	for	recruitment	fees	
and	constructing	better	accommodations	
to	house	those	working	for	them.	
Learning and 
Engagement 
 
Engaging Stakeholders 
To	ensure	that	we	are	living	up	to	our	
commitment	to	respect	human	rights	and	
anticipate	emerging	risks,	we	regularly	
communicate	our	approach	externally,	
engage	with	stakeholders	on	their	issues	
of	concern	and	work	to	advance	respect	
for	human	rights	more	broadly.	
During	2021,	we	led	an	Equator	Principles	
Association	collaboration	with	Shift	to	
develop	enhanced	guidance	for	EP	finan-
cial	institutions	for	evaluating	adequate	
grievance	mechanisms	and	access	to	
remedy.	Citi	is	also	a	member	of	the	Shift	
Financial	Institutions	Practitioners	Circle,	
through	which	we	participate	in	workshops	
related	to	skill	building	on	human	rights	
due	diligence	for	ESRM	practitioners	and	
deep	dives	into	emerging	salient	human	
rights	risks.	This	collaboration	has	helped	
us	refine	our	approach	to	forced	labor	and	
human	rights	in	the	Asia	Pacific	region.	
In	addition,	we	continued	to	pay	close	
attention	to	human	rights	issues	raised	
by	stakeholders	regarding	specific	indus-
tries.	In	2021,	concerns	were	raised	by	
stakeholders	relating	to	the	oil	and	gas,	
manufacturing,	technology	and	palm	oil	
sectors.	We	engage	with	these	industries	
directly	through	client	relationships,	stake-
holder	meetings	and	active	participation	in	
relevant	initiatives.	For	instance,	our	partic-
ipation	in	the	Roundtable	on	Sustainable	
Palm	Oil	enables	us	to	engage	with	multiple	
stakeholders	connected	to	the	palm	oil	
value	chain,	to	improve	the	collective	effort	
to	reduce	human	rights	risks	associated	
with	this	commodity.	In	addition,	our	touch	
points	during	annual	reviews	allow	us	to	
evaluate	human	rights	risks	and	manage-
ment	through	client	engagements.
Although	banks	are	often	under	pressure	
to	disclose	specific	findings	related	to	
client	projects,	we	are	bound	by	legal	
requirements	related	to	confidentiality	
that	limit	our	ability	to	disclose	such	infor-
mation	without	client	consent.	As	a	result,	
addressing	requests	for	transparency	is	
a	balancing	act	between	protecting	the	
confidentiality	of	our	clients’	information	
and	disclosing	information	to	stakeholders	
as	appropriate	to	advance	the	protection	
of	human	rights.	
Reporting Mechanisms  
for Stakeholders
Our	Ethics	Hotline	provides	a	way	for	our	
employees,	suppliers	and	other	external	
stakeholders,	including	the	public,	to	
report	concerns	about	unethical	behavior	
to	Citi’s	Ethics	Office.	Stakeholders	and	
whistleblowers	can	report	violations	to	the	
Ethics	Hotline	using	a	24-hour	phone	line,	
email	address,	fax	line,	website	or	physical	
mailing	address.
In	addition,	for	project-related	finance,	
we	apply	the	Equator	Principles	to	assess	
and	manage	environmental	and	social	
risks.	This	includes	an	assessment	of	the	
project	sponsor’s	stakeholder	engagement	
process,	as	well	as	its	operational-level	
grievance	mechanisms	that	allow	affected	
communities	to	raise	concerns	proactively	
with	the	project	developers.
Employee Training
Human	rights	content	is	integrated	into	
the	training	we	provide	for	the	employees	
responsible	for	implementing	our	ESRM	
Policy	and	in	our	Code	of	Conduct	train-
ing,	which	is	required	of	all	employees.	
In	recent	years,	we	have	developed	a	
comprehensive	training	module	on	modern	
slavery,	which	we	provided	to	our	Resource	
Management	Organization	(our	employees	
responsible	for	procurement	and	supply	
chain	activities).	In	2021,	we	updated	that	
training	with	the	goal	of	expanding	it	to	
other	functions	globally.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
133
