Reporting and Self- 
Assessment Requirements 
High-Level Summary of Bank’s Response
References
5.2 Describe the initiatives and 
measures your bank has implemented 
or is planning to implement to foster a 
culture of responsible banking among 
its employees. This should include a 
high-level overview of capacity building, 
inclusion in remuneration structures 
and performance management and 
leadership communication, amongst 
others. 
Citi has implemented a number of programs and initiatives that instill a culture 
of responsible banking among its employees, listed below:
Code of Conduct:
Citi’s Code of Conduct outlines the standards of ethics and professional 
behavior expected of employees and representatives of Citi when dealing with 
clients, business colleagues, shareholders, communities and each other. It 
also provides an overview of key legal and regulatory requirements and select 
global policies. Citi’s Code of Conduct applies to all directors, officers and 
employees of Citi worldwide. Upon joining Citi, employees must acknowledge 
that they have read and will comply with our Code. 
Programs and Training: 
Citi has policies, procedures and internal controls to comply with anti-bribery 
laws, and we conduct an annual bribery risk assessment of all global business 
lines. We provide our staff with anti-bribery training annually and supplement 
it with targeted training and communications as needed. 
Citi’s Anti-Money Laundering (AML) Program protects our clients, our 
franchise and the global financial system from the risks of money laundering 
and terrorist financing. The program includes more than 5,600 employees 
globally, including 225 designated AML Country Officers covering every Citi 
business, function and geographic area. 
Global Financial Crimes Investigations and Intelligence (GFCII) tackles 
financial crime and provides a globally consistent approach to the prevention 
and detection of risk. GFCII leverages partnerships with law enforcement, 
nonprofits and internal stakeholders to obtain actionable intelligence, allowing 
for proactive identification of illicit activity and effective mitigation of risk. 
Our Sanctions Program includes policies and procedures, risk category 
statement and tolerance thresholds, enterprise-wide screening, annual risk 
assessments and audits of sanctions control processes, employee training and 
a diverse team of Compliance professionals stationed around the world.
For more information, please see Managing Corruption and Tax-Related Risks 
section of this report.
ESRM Training: 
Key risk and banking personnel are provided with annual training on our ESRM 
Policy to help them identify triggers for engagement with our specialist ESRM 
team. For more information, please see the ESRM Management section of this 
report. 
Serving Our Customers and Clients Responsibly: 
We have policies and systems in place to help ensure that we treat customers 
responsibly and fairly including our Code of Conduct, responsible marketing 
practices, our Treating Customers Fairly Principles, our Global Financial 
Access Policy and our Global Consumer Fairness Policy. 
Remuneration: 
The Personnel and Compensation Committee of the Board holds senior 
executives responsible, and in turn senior executives hold their team 
members responsible, for managing our sustainability and other ESG-
related efforts through incentive compensation decisions. Citi’s incentive 
compensation program is discretionary, not formulaic. For details on ESG-
linked remuneration for key executives and managers, please refer to the 
Remuneration section of this report. 
2021 ESG Report:
• ESG Governance at Citi >  
Remuneration
• Our Transformation > Ethics and 
Culture at Citi
• Risk Management > Managing  
Corruption and Tax-Related Risks
• Risk Management > ESRM Training
• Serving Our Customers and  
Clients Responsibly
 
External References:
• Citi Code of Conduct
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
165
