Affordable	Housing
Citi finances affordable and 
workforce housing in low- and 
moderate-income urban and 
suburban areas in an effort to 
ease the affordable housing 
crisis in the United States. We 
offer a range of housing finance 
solutions, including construction 
lending, tax credit equity and 
permanent financing through our 
balance sheet.
Citi	Community	Capital,	the	bank	unit	
through	which	we	finance	all	types	of	
affordable	housing	and	community	devel-
opment	projects,	reported	approximately	
$5.64	billion	of	lending	to	finance	afford-
able	rental	housing	projects	in	2021.	In	
fact,	for	12	consecutive	years,	Citi	has	been	
the	No.	1	affordable	housing	lender	in	the	
United	States,	as	published	by	Affordable	
Housing	Finance.	
At	Citi,	being	a	leader	in	the	affordable	
housing	industry	does	not	just	mean	
making	debt	and	equity	capital	available	
to	expand	the	U.S.	affordable	housing	
supply;	it	also	means	being	an	innovator	
and	market	leader.	Over	the	past	several	
years	we	have	worked	with	our	clients	to	
find	new	ways	to	lower	the	cost	of	building	
housing	and	increase	the	supply	of	housing	
for	our	most	vulnerable	populations.	For	
example,	Citi	was	among	the	first	banks	
to	provide	construction	loans	to	projects	
using	modular,	or	factory-built,	housing.	
In	2021,	we	provided	$19.6	million	in	total	
financing	for	Oatsie’s	Place,	a	new	modular	
housing	project	in	Los	Angeles,	where	
45	of	46	apartments	are	designated	for	
homeless	women.	In	an	effort	to	promote	
long-term	housing	stability,	eligible	resi-
dents	are	provided	with	additional	services	
to	support	their	transitions	from	homeless-
ness	to	permanent	housing.
Citi	also	recently	provided	a	$3.89	million	
forward	commitment	for	the	permanent	
financing	of	Hayu	Tilixam,	a	50-unit	
apartment	complex	set	to	be	built	in	
Portland,	Oregon.	Through	a	partnership	
with	Community	Development	Partners	
and	the	Native	American	Youth	and	
Family	Center,	Hayu	Tilixam	will	provide	a	
welcoming	and	culturally	sensitive	home	
for	Indigenous	families	and	youth.	All	
units	will	be	reserved	for	residents	with	
incomes	between	30%	to	50%	of	the	area	
median	income,	and	eight	units	will	be	
reserved	for	formerly	homeless	residents.	
Residents	will	have	access	to	support	
services,	including	housing	stability	
support,	culturally-specific	medical,	
dental	and	behavioral	health	services,	
homeownership	coaching	and	more.	
Our	efforts	around	affordable	housing	are	
consistent	with	our	pledge	to	align	commu-
nity	engagement	with	SDG	target	11.1,	
which	includes	providing	access for all to 
adequate, safe and affordable housing 
and basic services.	
	
SDG Goal 11: Sustainable Cities and 
Communities
Initial rendering of the Hayu Tilixam development in Portland, Oregon.
Named #1 Affordable 
Housing Lender in 
the United States by 
Affordable Housing 
Finance for the 12th 
Consecutive Year
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
75
