COMMUNITY PROGRESS MAKERS
In 2015, the Citi Foundation launched its Community Progress Makers Initiative with a vision of empowering community 
leaders to grow their transformative impact through unrestricted, trust-based funding. That approach and support is 
more important than ever as the United States continues to address the root causes and impacts of income and wealth 
inequality.
In December 2021, the Foundation announced 50 nonprofit organizations as the newest recipients of unrestricted grants 
to advance social and economic opportunity for underserved communities. The $25 million grant initiative supports 
visionary organizations that are working to connect low-income communities and communities of color to greater social 
and economic opportunity in six cities: Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. Each 
Community Progress Maker will receive an unrestricted grant of $500,000 and access to technical assistance and a 
facilitated supportive learning community.
The recipients are working on a range of social issues, including the expansion of affordable housing and access, 
environmental sustainability, economic development, financial health and wellness, and workforce readiness/high-quality 
jobs. The Foundation will provide a supportive community network through which these organizations can connect to 
learn from each other, share best practices and strengthen their roles as social change agents. As part of the initiative, 
the Citi Foundation is engaging longtime grantee Urban Institute to provide technical assistance to the cohort, helping to 
measure their impact and track their progress.
According to a recent report from Citi Global Perspectives & Solutions, there is a growing need for multiyear, 
unrestricted funding, which empowers nonprofits to invest in the financial sustainability of their organization and gives 
them the flexibility to adapt to evolving challenges. This kind of philanthropic support is even more urgent as local 
communities continue to face complex challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Harlem Stage is a performing arts center that is using support from the Citi Foundation to help bridge Harlem’s cultural legacy to 
contemporary artists of color.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
79
