our	systems	and	databases,	and	we	
continuously	improve	our	capabilities	to	
meet	the	challenge	of	an	evolving	threat	
environment.
In	the	event	of	a	potential	breach,	we	have	
a	robust	process	to	ensure	appropriate	
reporting	and	notification,	which	includes:
	•
Reviewing	the	breach	to	determine	
whether	it	meets	any	regulatory	or	
legal	reporting	requirements	in	the	
country(ies)	where	the	breach	occurred	
or	in	the	country(ies)	impacted	by	the	
breach.	If	deemed	necessary,	a	legal	
assessment	is	conducted.
	•
Notifying	the	impacted	customers	as	
required	by	the	laws	or	regulations	
of	the	impacted	country(ies)	and	as	
directed	in	the	legal	assessment,	if	it	
results	in	a	requirement	to	perform	
customer	notifications.
We	understand	that	simply	defending	
ourselves	is	not	enough.	We	must	also	
influence	the	broader	cybersecurity	
landscape	within	which	Citi	operates.	As	
such,	we	collaborate	with	our	clients,	peer	
financial	institutions,	governments,	law	
enforcement	and	intelligence	agencies	
on	a	global	scale	to	share	best	practices,	
exchange	tactical	information	about	
specific	cybersecurity	threats,	conduct	
joint	cyber	resilience	exercises	and	work	to	
drive	adoption	of	industry-wide	standards	
and	approaches	that	will	best	enable	the	
collective	defense	of	the	financial	services	
sector	against	cybersecurity	challenges.	
Our	security	teams	receive	and	share	
threat	data	with	our	partners	in	near	
real	time,	leveraging	that	information	to	
strengthen	our	internal	controls	and	prac-
tices	and	to	protect	Citi	from	attacks	being	
perpetrated	against	other	firms.	Citi	takes	
a	leadership	role	in	fostering	a	culture	of	
sharing	amongst	our	competitors	on	secu-
rity	issues,	putting	competitive	instincts	
aside	for	the	sake	of	strong	information	
security	practices.		
Privacy
The	fair,	ethical	and	lawful	collection,	use	
and	processing	of	customers’	personal	
information	is	essential	to	build	trust,	
provide	best-in-class	services	and	achieve	
our	corporate	objectives.	To	help	meet	
this	goal,	Citi	has	established	a	dedicated	
Chief	Privacy	Office	team,	led	by	a	global	
Chief	Privacy	Officer.	The	Chief	Privacy	
Office,	part	of	our	Independent	Compliance	
Risk	Management	team,	manages	the	
Citi	Global	Privacy	Program,	which	is	
overseen	by	Citi’s	Privacy	Advisory	Body.	
The	program	provides	a	framework	for	
managing	privacy	and	confidentiality	risks	
for	the	company.	Citi	has	also	established	
the	Global	Chief	Privacy	Counsel	under	the	
General	Counsel’s	Office.	The	Global	Chief	
Privacy	Counsel	provides	guidance	and	
strategic	direction	regarding	privacy	and	
data	protection	laws	to	the	Chief	Privacy	
Office	and	to	businesses	and	functions	
across	the	enterprise.
Citi’s	Privacy	and	Bank	Customer	
Confidentiality	Policy	articulates	principles	
relating	to	the	collection	and	processing	
of	personal	information,	requiring,	in	part,	
that	personal	information	only	be	collected	
and	used	as	necessary	for	the	perfor-
mance	of	the	services	offered	and	for	the	
purposes	disclosed	in	a	privacy	notice.	Citi	
is	transparent	in	our	collection	and	use	
practices	and	offers	customers	choices	
about	how	their	personal	information	may	
be	collected	or	otherwise	used	(as	required	
by	law),	including	opting	out	of	marketing	
or	other	communications	or	reviewing	and	
correcting	information.	Citi	employees	are	
required	to	take	privacy	and	information	
compliance	training	that	covers	these	
privacy	concepts.
Protecting Digital Identity
For	financial	institutions	such	as	Citi,	
verifying	our	customers’	identity	is	funda-
mental	to	safeguarding	their	financial	
assets	and	protecting	their	privacy.	Our	
aim	is	to	deliver	solutions	that	provide	
seamless,	intuitive	interactions	with	digital	
tools	that	won’t	compromise	personal	
data.	To	provide	ongoing	training	for	
our	employees,	we	have	created	digital	
identity	learning	packs	that	help	build	
awareness	of	—	and	skills	related	to	—	new	
digital	identity	technologies.	In	addition,	
we	engage	with	clients,	partners	and	
industry	experts	to	discuss	the	trends,	
challenges	and	opportunities	related	to	
digital	identity	and	to	explore	cutting-edge	
technologies	that	have	the	potential	to	
meet	our	customers’	needs.
We	also	provide	our	customers	with	
timely	resources	and	information	related	
to	safety	and	security.	Our	U.S.	online	
Security	Center	enables	customers	to	
learn	about	what	Citi	does	to	protect	them	
and	what	they	can	do	to	protect	them-
selves	against	identify	theft	and	other	
security	risks.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
114
