Reporting and Self- 
Assessment Requirements 
High-Level Summary of Bank’s Response
References
Principle 2: Impact and Target Setting
We will continuously increase our positive impacts while reducing the negative impacts on, and managing the risks to, people and environment resulting 
from our activities, products and services. To this end, we will set and publish targets where we can have the most significant impacts.
2.1 Impact Analysis:
Show that your bank has identified the 
areas in which it has its most significant 
(potential) positive and negative impact 
through an impact analysis that fulfills 
the following elements: 
a) Scope: The bank’s core business 
areas, products/services across 
the main geographies that the bank 
operates in have been as described 
under 1.1. have been considered in the 
scope of the analysis.
b) Scale of Exposure: In identifying 
its areas of most significant impact 
the bank has considered where its 
core business/its major activities lie in 
terms of industries, technologies and 
geographies.
c) Context & Relevance:  Your bank 
has taken into account the most 
relevant challenges and priorities 
related to sustainable development 
in the countries/regions in which it 
operates.
d) Scale and intensity/salience of 
impact: In identifying its areas of 
most significant impact, the bank has 
considered the scale and intensity/
salience of the (potential) social, 
economic and environmental impacts 
resulting from the bank’s activities and 
provision of products and services. 
Show that building on this analysis, the 
bank has 
• Identified and disclosed its areas of 
most significant (potential) positive 
and negative impact
• Identified strategic business oppor-
tunities in relation to the increase 
of positive impacts / reduction of 
negative impacts
Introduction
Building on our track record of over 20 years of work on climate change, 
sustainability and ESG issues, Citi’s approach to impact analysis is a process 
that has developed organically for our priority strategic initiatives. Prior 
to becoming a signatory to the Principles, we were engaged in this impact 
assessment process and we continue to learn from it and adapt it to new 
and emerging best practices. As such, our process involves concurrent 
workstreams that provide continuous feedback for the monitoring of potential 
impacts. 
This integrated process aligns with the directional intent of the Principles 
to “embed sustainability at the strategic, portfolio, and transactional levels 
across all business areas.” We recognize that any approach towards impact 
analysis is never complete, and the guidance developed by the PRB working 
groups can be used to help complement our existing work. Additionally, for 
financial institutions that are beginning their work to explore areas of greatest 
impacts, we regard the Principles as an efficient framework for embarking on 
this level of analysis. 
We plan to use the Principles and reporting from our peers to benchmark the 
impact areas we have identified and ensure that we are addressing society’s 
needs in the regions in which we operate and the markets that we serve. 
Citi’s Approach
Citi’s approach to impact consists of multiple concurrent processes, 
summarized below. Note that these processes, as described, do not necessarily 
occur in the order presented. 
1. Feedback Pathways: To identify potential impact areas, we engage a number 
of internal and external stakeholders, partners and tools, including:
a) Periodic stakeholder engagement:  
Citi regularly reviews its stakeholder partnerships across a range of functions 
including Global Public Affairs; Investor Relations; Human Resources and 
Corporate Governance as well as Sustainability; Government Affairs and other 
teams in Public Affairs. Examples of our stakeholder engagements from 2021 
are highlighted in the Stakeholder Engagement at Citi section of this report. 
Furthermore, we periodically have feedback sessions for stakeholders 
including clients, investors and NGOs facilitated by the nonprofit sustainability 
advocacy organization Ceres. These sessions focus on areas such as our 
Sustainable Progress Strategy and approach to addressing climate change 
including, most recently, our setting of net zero targets and measurement of 
baseline emissions. For more information, please see pages 26-27 of our 2021 
TCFD Report. 
b) Partnerships with trade organizations: 
Becoming a signatory to global industry initiatives and participating in 
working groups keeps us abreast of emerging issues and best practices 
for addressing them. Engagements with organizations such as the Equator 
Principles, Institute of International Finance (IIF), United Nations Environment 
Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) and GISD highlight potential issues, 
increasing awareness of our own potential impacts as a global bank. Such 
involvement also allows for opportunities to support public policy and 
regulation that encourages sustainable development.
c) Third-party ratings:
Analyses conducted by third-party organizations allow Citi to benchmark 
our approaches to certain ESG issues against standardized frameworks and 
methodologies. Such ratings and their accompanying reports identify areas for 
improvement and provide useful data that can help drive performance. 
2021 ESG Report:
• Our Material ESG Issues: Citi in a 
Global Context
• Stakeholder Engagement at Citi
• Sustainable Finance
• Sustainable Progress 
• Climate Risk and Net Zero
• Equitable and Resilient  
Communities
External References:
• 2021 TCFD Report
• Action for Racial Equity
• Banking in Color 
• Closing the Racial Inequality Gaps
• Environmental and Social Policies
• Environmental and Social Policy 
Framework 
• Net Zero Commitment
• Sustainable Progress Strategy
• The Devaluation of Assets in Black 
Neighborhoods 
• The Racial Wealth Gap
• 2021 10-K
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
157
