Our Path to Transformation
To	establish	a	baseline	for	our	transforma-
tion	strategy,	we	conducted	a	gap	analysis	
exercise,	started	in	2020	and	completed	
in	2021,	to	review	the	issues	raised	in	the	
consent	orders	and	define	the	gap	between	
where	we	were	and	where	we	need	to	be.	
Following	the	gap	analysis,	we	designed	a	
roadmap	to	get	us	to	our	target	state.	The	
roadmap	comprises	several	distinct	areas	
that	feed	into	Citi’s	integrated	vision	of	
transformation	for	our	company.	
One	of	the	first	actions	we	undertook	in	
2021	was	to	develop	and	roll	out	a	new	
Enterprise	Risk	Management	Framework	to	
assess	risk	across	our	enterprise.	The	inte-
grated	approach	of	the	framework	seeks	to	
drive	consistency	across	key	areas	of	risk,	
strengthening	the	way	the	firm	identifies,	
measures	and	monitors	risk	so	that	we	
can	implement	appropriate	controls	and	
reporting	mechanisms.	The	framework	
helps	bring	consistency	and	structure	to	
the	varied	types	of	risks	we	face	across	
Citi	—	leading	to	better	scenario-planning,	
stress	testing	and	root-cause	analyses	
across	the	risk	lifecycle.	
All	colleagues	are	empowered	to	apply	the	
Enterprise	Risk	Management	Framework	
to	their	work	and	are	responsible	for	
promptly	escalating	risk-related	concerns.	
We	rolled	out	training	on	the	new	frame-
work	to	all	employees	globally	in	2021,	and	
98%	completed	the	training	by	the	end	of	
the	year.	
We	are	also	developing	standards,	plans	
and	training	curricula	for	a	more	modern,	
streamlined	approach	to	our	control	envi-
ronment,	which	we	will	be	implementing	in	
future	years.	For	example,	we	are	ensuring	
that	when	incidents	arise,	our	employees	
can	conduct	robust	root-cause	analyses	
and	then	apply	the	lessons	learned	hori-
zontally	across	the	organization	to	prevent	
similar	issues	from	arising	elsewhere.	
In	addition,	we	are	working	to	simplify,	
streamline	and	automate	our	controls	—	
strengthening	our	ability	to	prevent	issues,	
not	just	to	detect	them	after	they	arise.	
To	empower	our	employees	and	increase	
the	effectiveness	of	their	day-to-day	work,	
we	are	undertaking	a	full	update	of	our	
policies	to	make	them	easier	to	under-
stand	and	take	action	against.	We’re	also	
planning	to	migrate	our	policies	to	a	new	
platform	in	2023,	making	them	easier	to	
access	and	navigate.	
During	2021,	we	continued	to	build	teams	
focused	on	transformation	activities	
across	the	company.	These	teams	are	
a	hybrid	of	employees	with	a	depth	of	
institutional	knowledge	and	newer	employ-
ees	who	bring	diverse	expertise	and	
perspectives.	
Enterprise Risk Management Framework
Risk Management Lifecycle
Citi’s Approach to 
Managing Risk: 
 
• Culture 
 
• Enterprise Programs 
 
• Risk Management 
 
• Governance
TALENT | TECHNOLOGY AND DATA | ANALYTICS
MONITOR
CONTROL
REPORT
IDENTIFY
MEASURE
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
105
