Section of the Framework
Report Section or Other Documentation
Assessing impacts
C3
How does the company identify any changes in the nature of each salient human rights issue over time?
C3.1
During the reporting period, 
were there any notable trends or 
patterns in impacts related to a 
salient issue and, if so, what were 
they?
• Human Rights > Addressing Forced Labor in Malaysia
• Human Rights > Identifying Human Rights Risks in Transactions
C3.2
During the reporting period, did 
any severe impacts occur that were 
related to a salient issue and, if so, 
what were they?
Integrating 
findings and taking 
action
C4
How does the company integrate its findings about each salient human rights issue into its decision-making processes and 
actions?
C4.1
How are those parts of the 
company whose decisions and 
actions can affect the management 
of salient issues, involved in finding 
and implementing solutions?
• ESG Governance at Citi
• Risk Management > Environmental and Social Risk Management
• Human Rights > Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions
C4.2
When tensions arise between the 
prevention or mitigation of impacts 
related to a salient issue and other 
business objectives, how are these 
tensions addressed?
• Risk Management > Policy Implementation
• Human Rights > Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions
C4.3
During the reporting period, what 
action has the company taken 
to prevent or mitigate potential 
impacts related to each salient 
issue?
• Action for Racial Equity > Action for Racial Equity: An Update on Our Progress
• Affordable Housing
• Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
• Risk Management > Safeguarding Data and Protecting Customer Information
• Human Rights > Addressing Forced Labor in Malaysia
• Human Rights > Respecting the Human Rights of Our Employees
• Human Rights > Protection of Indigenous Rights in Latin America
• Human Rights > Identifying Human Rights Risks in Transactions
Tracking 
performance
C5
How does the company know if its efforts to address each salient human rights issue are effective in practice?
C5.1
What specific examples from 
the reporting period illustrate 
whether each salient issue is being 
managed effectively?
In 2021, we identified risks of impacts to racial/ethnic minorities in global supply 
chains. We took steps to mitigate the risks of our involvement in such impacts by 
limiting the scope of our financing to clients in some cases and ceasing business 
relationships in others. In particular, we enhanced our governance of human rights 
risks in the Asia Pacific region with a special Human Rights Task Force and also 
initiated a portfolio review of the Malaysia franchise, to evaluate forced labor 
concerns in clients’ operations across different industries.
In addition, see the case studies below.  
• Our $1 Trillion Commitment > Sustainable Finance in Action
• Human Rights > Addressing Forced Labor in Malaysia
• Human Rights > Protection of Indigenous Rights in Latin America
• Human Rights > Identifying Human Rights Risks in Transactions
• Responsible Sourcing > Supplier Engagement and Evaluation
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
174
