subject	matter	experts.	Steering	groups,	
including	the	Climate	Risk	Steering	
Group,	the	Net	Zero	Task	Force	and	
Global	Sustainability	Steering	Committee,	
continue	to	operate,	and	the	leads	of	
those	steering	groups	are	members	of	and	
provide	reports	to	the	Global	ESG	Council.	
Learn	more	in	our	2021	TCFD	Report.	
Sustainability and  
Climate Change
Citi’s	Board	of	Directors	and	senior	
management	continue	to	expand	the	
governance	of	climate	risk	and	integrate	
climate	considerations	into	their	priorities.	
In	2021,	in	addition	to	the	announcement	
of	our	net	zero	commitment	and	the	
creation	of	our	new	Global	ESG	Council,	we	
accomplished	the	following:
	•
Grew	our	dedicated	Climate	Risk	team	
with	additional	expertise	in	credit	risk,	
scenario	analysis,	stress	testing	and	
regulatory	engagement
	•
Rolled	out	our	first	training	module	on	
climate	risk
	•
Created	the	Natural	Resources	&	Clean	
Energy	Transition	team	to	combine	
our	Energy,	Power	and	Chemicals	
businesses	in	order	to	assist	our	clients	
across	these	sectors	as	they	transition
	•
Established	our	Net	Zero	Task	Force,	a	
cross-functional	group	to	support	the	
development	and	launch	of	our	net	zero	
plan.	The	Task	Force	is	led	by	our	Chief	
Sustainability	Officer	and	includes	
leaders	from	diverse	business	units	
such	as	Independent	Risk	Management;	
Banking,	Capital	Markets,	and	Advisory;	
Global	Markets;	Personal	Banking	&	
Wealth	Management;	as	well	as	Global	
Public	Affairs,	Enterprise	Operations	&	
Technology,	Legal	and	Finance.	
The	Board	and	senior	management	have	
also	increased	the	frequency	and	depth	of	
conversations	regarding	climate	matters.		
Citi’s	Board	has	ultimate	oversight	of	Citi’s	
approaches	to	considering,	evaluating	
and	integrating	climate-related	risks	and	
opportunities	throughout	the	organization.	
The	Board	receives	reports	from	key	
personnel	on	Citi’s	progress	and	key	issues	
on	a	periodic	basis.	In	addition	to	reporting	
to	the	full	Board,	the	NGPAC	provides	
oversight	of	sustainability	activities	and	
performance	generally	and	the	firm’s	
climate	change	efforts	specifically,	and	
the	Risk	Management	Committee	(RMC)	
provides	oversight	of	climate	change	risk.		
The	NGPAC	receives	periodic	updates	from	
Citi’s	Chief	Sustainability	Officer	(CSO)	
and	the	head	of	Community	Investing	and	
Development.	The	NGPAC	also	reviews	
Citi’s	governance	and	significant	policies	
and	programs	for	sustainability	and	
climate	change	issues	and	advises	manage-
ment	on	our	engagement	with	investors	
and	external	stakeholders	on	these	topics.	
For	more	information	on	the	roles	and	
responsibilities	of	the	NGPAC,	please	see	
our	NGPAC	Charter.	The	RMC	provides	
oversight	of	Citi’s	Risk	Management	
function	and	reviews	Citi’s	risk	policies	and	
frameworks.	For	more	information	on	the	
roles	and	responsibilities	of	this	commit-
tee,	please	see	our	RMC	Charter.	
In	2020	into	2021,	the	NGPAC	reviewed	
and	discussed	investor	and	market	devel-
opments	related	to	net	zero,	including	a	
shareholder	proposal	pertaining	to	net	
zero,	and	considerations	for	Citi	as	it	delib-
erated	on	the	implications	of	a	potential	
net	zero	commitment.	These	discussions	
continued	with	the	full	Board	throughout	
2021.	During	2021,	the	full	Board	partic-
ipated	in	a	climate	education	session	
facilitated	by	the	Head	of	Climate	Risk,	the	
CSO	and	the	Head	of	Corporate	Banking.	
The	full	Board	received	reports	from	the	
CSO	regarding	sustainability	activities	and	
performance,	including	those	related	to	
climate	change	and	Citi’s	net	zero	plan,	
and	the	RMC	received	reports	from	the	
Head	of	Climate	Risk	regarding	emerging	
bank	regulatory	trends	on	climate	risk	and	
Citi’s	approach	to	meeting	them.	Members	
of	the	Board	also	participated	in	investor	
calls	on	a	variety	of	governance,	climate	
risk	and	environmental	and	social	matters.
Senior	managers	from	Global	Public	
Affairs,	Risk,	Finance,	Legal,	Operations	
&	Technology	and	various	business	units	
from	our	Institutional	Clients	Group	also	
contribute	expertise	to	address	the	chal-
lenges	presented	by	climate	change.	
Learn	more	in	the	Climate	Risk	section	and	
in	our	2021	TCFD	Report.
Community Investing
Citi	Community	Investing	and	Development	
(CID)	is	an	integrated	team	that	works	
across	Citi’s	businesses	and	functions	to	
catalyze	positive	social	impact	in	commu-
nities	around	the	world.		
CID	comprises	the	following	teams:
	•
Citi	Impact	Fund	invests	in	“double	
bottom	line”	companies	that	are	
addressing	societal	challenges,	
including	workforce	development,	
sustainability,	physical	and	social	
infrastructure,	and	financial	inclusion.	
	•
Citi	Social	Finance	works	across	Citi	
businesses	globally	to	catalyze	scalable	
business	platforms	and	client	solutions	
that	enable	the	bank,	our	clients	
and	our	partners	to	expand	financial	
inclusion,	accelerate	access	to	basic	
services,	boost	job	creation	and	scale	
social	infrastructure	development	in	
emerging	markets.	
	•
U.S.	Business	Partnerships	leads	Citi’s	
relationships	with	national	civil	rights	
and	consumer	protection	organizations	
to	gain	insights	into	issues	affecting	
low-	and	moderate-income	communi-
ties	and	communities	of	color,	and		
catalyze	product	and	service	innova-
tions	that	help	expand	financial	access	
and	close	the	racial	wealth	gap.	
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress 
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
11
