Human	Rights
Citi’s rigorous human rights 
policies, standards and due 
diligence practices guide our 
business and lending decisions. 
We consistently engage with our 
employees, suppliers, peers and 
industry experts, as well as civil 
society organizations focused on 
our clients and the projects we 
finance, to advance the protection 
of human rights.
Our Commitment 
to Respect Human 
Rights 
We	are	committed	to	respecting	human	
rights	wherever	we	do	business.	We	
engage	human	rights	experts,	clients	and	
peers	to	support	our	efforts	to	respect	
human	rights	in	line	with	the	UN	Guiding	
Principles	on	Business	and	Human	Rights	
—	a	global	framework	for	preventing	and	
addressing	the	risk	of	adverse	impacts	on	
human	rights	linked	to	business	activity.	
The	UN	Guiding	Principles	draw	upon	
existing	international	human	rights	instru-
ments	whose	principles	Citi	has	endorsed,	
such	as	those	in	the	UN	Universal	
Declaration	of	Human	Rights	and	the	
International	Labour	Organization’s	(ILO)	
Core	Conventions.	To	illustrate	our	imple-
mentation	of	the	UN	Guiding	Principles,	we	
have	mapped	how	this	ESG	Report	aligns	
with	the	UN	Guiding	Principles	Reporting	
Framework	(see	index).
Citi	regularly	updates	our	policies	and	
practices	to	strengthen	our	human	rights	
due	diligence.	During	the	development	
and	subsequent	updates	of	our	Statement	
on	Human	Rights,	which	we	first	adopted	
in	2007,	we	engaged	internal	and	external	
stakeholders	to	help	assess	our	actual	
and	potential	human	rights	impacts	and	
to	identify	the	most	salient	human	rights	
risks	faced	by	our	employees,	workers	
connected	to	our	supply	chain	and	
individuals	who	might	be	affected	by	our	
clients’	operations.
Citi’s	Environmental	and	Social	Risk	
Management	(ESRM)	Policy,	summarized	
in	our	Environmental	and	Social	Policy	
Framework,	guides	our	approach	to	assess-
ing	environmental	and	social	risks	related	to	
financing	our	clients’	business	activities.	For	
more	information	about	our	ESRM	Policy	
and	our	related	due	diligence	processes,	
see	the	Environmental	and	Social	Risk	
Management	section	of	this	report.
We	regularly	review	and	update	our	ESRM	
Policy	to	ensure	that	it	reflects	our	most	
recent	understanding	of	potential	envi-
ronmental	and	social	risks.	For	example,	
during	2021,	we	updated	the	Policy	to	
include	a	formal	prohibition	against	
financing	for	companies	whose	primary	
business	is	constructing	or	operating	
private	prisons.	Although	we	do	not	have	
such	clients	directly	connected	to	private	
prisons,	we	decided	to	formalize	this	policy	
prohibition	for	the	future	in	alignment	with	
our	Action for Racial Equity	commitments.	
ELEVATING ENVIRONMENTAL JUSTICE CONCERNS FOR 
ENHANCED DUE DILIGENCE
Over the last several years, there has been growing global acknowledgment 
that climate change is a human rights issue. In 2021, the UN Human Rights 
Council recognized the right to a healthy environment as a stand-alone 
human right. Citi has also recognized for many years the right to a healthy 
environment and the need to evaluate the potential environmental risks 
to communities surrounding the industrial developments we finance. For 
example, due diligence related to environmental justice concerns is critical 
for identifying projects with significant impacts to local communities 
from fossil-fuel-related activities, including extraction, refinement and 
transportation or air and water pollution due to heavy industry. 
Environmental justice is also important as we consider low-carbon projects 
with positive environmental benefits that might have negative impacts 
on local communities. For example, a dam construction project to create 
renewable hydro-electric power could threaten human rights if it is sited 
without consideration of the rights of Indigenous or other marginalized 
peoples. While we want to champion projects that help combat climate 
change, we need to keep our eyes open to other adverse impacts that may 
occur, particularly in relation to already marginalized communities.   
As of 2020, we formalized environmental justice as a specific risk within  
the Areas of High Caution section of our ESRM Policy that triggers enhanced 
due diligence. 
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
125
