Return	to	Office	and	the	Future		
of	Work
If	the	pandemic	taught	us	anything	from	
an	employee	wellness	perspective,	it	was	
the	value	of	flexibility.	As	the	situation	
surrounding	the	virus	continued	to	evolve,	
we	focused	on	how	we	could	bring	our	
colleagues	safely	back	to	the	office.	At	the	
same	time,	COVID-19	opened	our	minds	to	
new	ways	of	working.	While	we	know	there	
are	enormous	benefits	to	being	together	
in	person,	we	saw	just	how	productive	
and	effective	remote	work	could	be.	We	
recognized	that	we	couldn’t	go	back	to	
the	way	things	were	and	that	we	had	to	
adapt	to	new	realities.	After	coming	to	
understand	just	how	important	flexibility	
is	to	our	current	and	future	success	as	a	
firm,	we	became	the	first	major	U.S.	bank	
to	publicly	embrace	a	hybrid	model	of	work	
for	our	colleagues	moving	forward.	
As	vaccinations	became	widely	available	
in	the	United	States,	United	Kingdom	and	
other	parts	of	the	world,	and	where	the	
data	told	us	it	was	safe	to	do	so,	we	began	
to	bring	colleagues	back	to	the	office	in	
a	hybrid	model	—	with	a	minimum	of	two	
days	per	week	in	person	and	a	few	days	
from	home.	Colleagues	in	more	than	30	
locations	across	the	U.S.	returned	to	the	
office	in	2021.	We	required	colleagues	
returning	to	those	sites	to	be	vaccinated	
against	COVID-19,	wear	masks	and	social	
distance	wherever	possible.	For	colleagues	
working	in	our	branches,	we	required	rapid	
testing	and	masks	in	2021,	and	vaccination	
as	of	early	2022.	Understanding	there	
is	not	a	one-size-fits-all	approach,	we	
adjusted	our	global	return-to-office	efforts	
region	by	region,	based	on	local	data,	
vaccine	availability	and	country	mandates.
Equally	important,	we	communicated	
regularly	and	consistently	with	our	
colleagues	—	sending	messages	from	our	
CEO	and	senior	leaders	to	keep	people	
informed	of	our	plans	to	return	to	the	
office	and	equipping	our	managers	with	
resources	and	information	so	that	they,	in	
turn,	could	effectively	support	their	teams	
and	answer	questions.
After	working	from	home	became	the	
“new	normal”	in	early	2020,	we	listened	to	
feedback	from	our	employees	and	enacted	
policies	to	help	ease	the	blurring	of	lines	
between	home	and	work.	In	response,	in	
2021	we	launched	“Zoom-Free	Fridays”	
for	internal	meetings	to	combat	the	well-
recognized	fatigue	from	virtual	meetings.	
We	asked	colleagues	whenever	they	could	to	
designate	noon	to	1	p.m	in	local	times	as	an	
hour	free	of	calls	and	meetings,	as	well	as	
to	reduce	hour-long	meetings	to	45	minutes	
to	give	colleagues	time	in	between	sessions.	
We	also	offered	a	“Reset	Day”	in	May	for	
colleagues	to	take	a	day	off	to	recharge	
and	added	several	new	benefits	to	further	
support	work-life	balance.	
As the pandemic persisted 
through 2021, we continued to put 
the safety, health and well-being 
of our colleagues first. Early on 
in the health crisis, we developed 
principles that have consistently 
guided our decisions, including 
how we returned to the office. We 
focused on data, not dates, took 
a localized approach, and were 
transparent with colleagues that 
we would continue to learn and 
adapt as we go. Much of our atten-
tion was on creating a safe and 
welcoming workplace for today, 
while also pushing ourselves to 
envision new ways of working for  
tomorrow — a model that is more 
flexible, agile and collaborative.  
Despite the ongoing challenges 
of the pandemic, we continued to 
make progress on our commit-
ments to fostering a diverse and 
inclusive workplace and using our 
corporate voice to drive change.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
81
