WELL Building Health-Safety Rating
In 2021, as a result of our health and safety practices, we received the 
International WELL Building Health-Safety Rating for all Citi facilities 
globally, including offices, operations centers, data centers and retail 
locations. This seal helps assure our employees and customers that 
our buildings are safe and healthy environments. The seal is awarded 
to businesses that meet rigorous scientific standards, maintenance 
protocols and emergency plans to address concerns related to COVID-19 
and other infectious diseases now and into the future. 
 
WELL Portfolio Program
Building on the success of the WELL Health-Safety Rating, Citi joined 
the WELL Portfolio Program — a benchmarking program for measuring 
and improving organizational health performance across facilities. 
The WELL Portfolio Program leverages the strategies of the WELL 
building standard, the leading health-focused building standard. As a 
participating organization, Citi will receive an annual portfolio score 
based on our work to support and enhance the health and well-being of 
employees and customers who work in and visit our buildings every day.
consumption	by	15.7%.	We	also	reused	
77%	of	the	facility’s	furniture	to	reduce	
waste,	and	we	were	able	to	effectively	
manage	construction-related	waste,	
capping	the	volume	sent	to	landfill	
at	31.7	kg/m2,	which	is	15%	below	the	
industry	standard.		
	•
Paraguay (EDGE Advanced):	We	
earned	our	first	EDGE	Advanced	
Certification	for	our	Agrovet	Offices	
in	Paraguay.	The	Excellence	in	Design	
for	Greater	Efficiencies	(EDGE)	certi-
fication	system	evaluates	buildings	
in	three	resource	categories:	energy,	
water	and	materials.	We	earned	
Advanced	Certification	through	the	
use	of	features	that	increase	energy	
efficiency	by	63%	(mainly	related	
to	the	building’s	heating	and	cooling	
systems),	increase	water	efficiency	by	
20%	through	high-efficiency	accesso-
ries	in	restrooms	and	reduce	embodied	
energy	of	materials	used	for	interior	
spaces	by	89%.
	•
China, Taiwan, United States (LEED 
Volume Program):	We	accomplished	
LEED	v2009	certification	for	11	bank	
branches	through	the	LEED	Volume	
Program	and	achieved	LEED	v4	Gold	
for	our	fourth	retail	prototype.	All	new	
and	renovated	bank	branches	will	be	
LEED	Certified	based	on	this	model.	
We	are	also	planning	a	significant	renova-
tion	of	Citi	Tower	in	London,	headquarters	
for	our	Europe,	Middle	East	and	Africa	
region.	For	this	project,	which	we	expect	
to	complete	in	2025,	we	are	prioritizing	
sustainable	building	principles	and	
employee	well-being	in	alignment	with	
LEED,	BREEAM	and	WELL	standards.	By	
renovating	the	existing	building,	rather	
than	demolishing	it	to	build	a	new	struc-
ture,	we	will	avoid	releasing	an	estimated	
100,000	metric	tons	of	embodied	carbon,	
equivalent	to	21,748	passenger	vehicles	
driven	for	one	year.3	We	are	designing	
Citi	Tower	London	for	energy	efficiency	
from	top	to	bottom,	within	the	constraints	
of	an	existing	building,	and	are	factoring	
carbon	emissions	into	our	decision-making	
process.	The	building	will	feature	rooftop	
solar	panels	generating	more	than	52,000	
kilowatt-hours	per	year	annually	—	enough	
to	power	18	average	UK	homes4	for	one	
year.	Efficient	fixtures	will	reduce	water	
consumption	by	20%5	and	a	grey	water	
2021
2021
3.	EPA	Greenhouse	Gas	Equivalencies	Calculator.
4.	Average	electricity	UK	home	2021	resource,	data	from	OFGEM.
5.	Against	LEED	baseline.
Contents 
ESG at Citi 
Sustainable Finance 
Sustainable Progress  
Equitable & Resilient Communities 
Talent & DEI 
Risk Management & Responsible Business 
Appendices
CITI 2021 ESG REPORT
53
